--- docs/README.pod.orig	2023-10-11 15:50:11 UTC
+++ docs/README.pod
@@ -13,7 +13,10 @@ Usage: I<moonlight> E<lt>actionE<gt> [options] [host]
 
 =item B<pair>
 
-Pair this computer with the host.
+ Pair this computer with the host.
+ If [host] is not specified here,moonlight will auto discover host first.
+ It's need start avahi-daemon first.
+ NOTE:It's not work under wifibox.
 
 =item B<unpair>
 
@@ -22,6 +25,7 @@ Unpair this computer with the host.
 =item B<stream>
 
 Stream game from host to this computer.
+If [host] is not specified here,moonlight will auto discover host first.
 
 =item B<list>
 
@@ -99,9 +103,9 @@ By default, 1392 is used on LAN and 1024 on WAN.
 =item B<-codec> [I<CODEC>]
 
 Select codec to use.
-Can be 'auto', 'h264', 'h265', 'hevc', or 'av1'.
-Not all video decoders support H.265/HEVC or AV1.
-Will still use H.264 if server doesn't support HEVC or AV1.
+Can be 'auto', 'h264', 'h265', 'hevc' or 'av1'.
+Not all video decoders do support H.265/HEVC.
+Will still use H.264 if server doesn't support HEVC.
 
 =item B<-remote> [I<yes/no/auto>]
 
@@ -138,8 +142,10 @@ By default the gamecontrollerdb.txt provided by Moonli
 =item B<-platform> [I<PLATFORM>]
 
 Select platform for audio and video output and input.
-<PLATFORM> can be pi, imx, aml, x11, x11_vdpau, sdl or fake.
+<PLATFORM> can be x11, x11_vaapi, x11_vdpau, sdl or fake.
 
+NOTE:x11_vaapi need libva library be installed.For intel,install libva-intel-driver/libva-intel-media-driver
+
 =item B<-nounsupported>
 
 Don't stream if resolution is not officially supported by the server
@@ -170,10 +176,11 @@ Enable the I<INPUT> device.
 By default all available input devices are enabled.
 Only evdev devices /dev/input/event* are supported.
 
-=item B<-audio> [I<DEVICE>]
+=item B<-nosdl>
 
-Use <DEVICE> as audio output device.
-The default value is 'sysdefault' for ALSA and 'hdmi' for OMX on the Raspberry Pi.
+Use libevdev to drive game controller instead.
+SDL controller module have better compatibility for gamepad.
+So it's not recommended.
 
 =item B<-windowed>
 
@@ -182,22 +189,51 @@ Only available when X11 or SDL platform is used.
 
 =back
 
+=head1 EXAMPLE
+
+Pair:
+  # moonlight pair 192.168.0.1
+
+Connect:
+ The following cmd means to connect 192.168.0.1 with a resolution 2560x1600.
+  # moonlight stream -app Desktop -width 2560 -height 1600 192.168.0.1
+ The following cmd means to connect 192.168.0.1 with a resolution 1080p and the fps 120.And try to decoding with GPU.
+  # moonlight stream -app Steam -width 1920 -height 1080 -fps 120 -platform 'x11_vaapi' 192.168.0.1
+
 =head1 CONFIG FILE
 
-Moonlight Embedded will load a confiuration file from:
+Moonlight Embedded will load a configuration file from:
 
-  $XDG_CONFIG_HOME/moonligt/moonlight.conf (fallback to ~/.config/moonligt/moonlight.conf)
+  $XDG_CONFIG_HOME/moonlight/moonlight.conf (fallback to ~/.config/moonlight/moonlight.conf)
 
 If no user specified configuration file is available the configuration will be loaded from:
 
-  /etc/moonlight/moonlight.conf
+  /usr/local/etc/moonlight.conf
 
-A documented example configuration file can be found at /etc/moonlight/moonlight.conf.
+A documented example configuration file can be found at /usr/local/etc/moonlight.conf.
 
+=head1 KEYBOARD SHORTCUTS
+
+ Use Ctrl+Alt+Shift+Q or Play+Back+LeftShoulder+RightShoulder to quit the streaming session.
+ Use Ctrl+Alt+Shift+Z to Grab/Ungrab keyboard.
+ It may not grab the keyboard Using sdl platform under wayland.
+
+=head1 GAMEPAD
+
+FreeBSD supports fewer controllers.Please see hgame(4) xb360gp(4) ps4dshock(4) and FreeBSD forums...
+SDL platforms have better compatibility for gamepad.
+
 =head1 COMMENTS
 
-Use Ctrl+Alt+Shift+Q or Play+Back+LeftShoulder+RightShoulder to quit the streaming session.
+Platform 'sdl' and 'x11' is soft decoding.'x11' is deprecated.
+Platform 'x11_vaapi' and 'x11_vdpau' is hard accel decoding.
+If you want to use GPU decoding for intel gpu,you must meet 3 conditions:
+  1.Use platform 'x11_vaapi'
+  2.Use intel GPU driver in xorg.conf but not modesetting.
+  3.Install package:libva-intel-driver/libva-intel-media-driver or libva-vdpau-driver.
 
+
 =head1 AUTHOR
 
-Iwan Timmer E<lt>irtimmer@gmail.comE<gt>
+ Thanks Iwan Timmer and every contributor!
+ Armin Zhu E<lt>lisp_25689@163.comE<gt>.
