bin/gnatdoc
bin/gnatspark
bin/gps
bin/gps_cli
bin/gps_exe
share/gps/about.txt
share/gps/activity_log.tmplt
share/gps/color_themes/snapshots/Base16 3024 Dark.png
share/gps/color_themes/snapshots/Base16 3024 Light.png
share/gps/color_themes/snapshots/Base16 Apathy Dark.png
share/gps/color_themes/snapshots/Base16 Apathy Light.png
share/gps/color_themes/snapshots/Base16 Ashes Dark.png
share/gps/color_themes/snapshots/Base16 Ashes Light.png
share/gps/color_themes/snapshots/Base16 Atelier Dune Dark.png
share/gps/color_themes/snapshots/Base16 Atelier Dune Light.png
share/gps/color_themes/snapshots/Base16 Atelier Forest Dark.png
share/gps/color_themes/snapshots/Base16 Atelier Forest Light.png
share/gps/color_themes/snapshots/Base16 Atelier Heath Dark.png
share/gps/color_themes/snapshots/Base16 Atelier Heath Light.png
share/gps/color_themes/snapshots/Base16 Atelier Lakeside Dark.png
share/gps/color_themes/snapshots/Base16 Atelier Lakeside Light.png
share/gps/color_themes/snapshots/Base16 Atelier Seaside Dark.png
share/gps/color_themes/snapshots/Base16 Atelier Seaside Light.png
share/gps/color_themes/snapshots/Base16 Bespin Dark.png
share/gps/color_themes/snapshots/Base16 Bespin Light.png
share/gps/color_themes/snapshots/Base16 Brewer Dark.png
share/gps/color_themes/snapshots/Base16 Brewer Light.png
share/gps/color_themes/snapshots/Base16 Bright Dark.png
share/gps/color_themes/snapshots/Base16 Bright Light.png
share/gps/color_themes/snapshots/Base16 Chalk Dark.png
share/gps/color_themes/snapshots/Base16 Chalk Light.png
share/gps/color_themes/snapshots/Base16 Codeschool Dark.png
share/gps/color_themes/snapshots/Base16 Codeschool Light.png
share/gps/color_themes/snapshots/Base16 Colors Dark.png
share/gps/color_themes/snapshots/Base16 Colors Light.png
share/gps/color_themes/snapshots/Base16 Default Dark.png
share/gps/color_themes/snapshots/Base16 Default Light.png
share/gps/color_themes/snapshots/Base16 Eighties Dark.png
share/gps/color_themes/snapshots/Base16 Eighties Light.png
share/gps/color_themes/snapshots/Base16 Embers Dark.png
share/gps/color_themes/snapshots/Base16 Embers Light.png
share/gps/color_themes/snapshots/Base16 Flat Dark.png
share/gps/color_themes/snapshots/Base16 Flat Light.png
share/gps/color_themes/snapshots/Base16 Google Dark.png
share/gps/color_themes/snapshots/Base16 Google Light.png
share/gps/color_themes/snapshots/Base16 Grayscale Dark.png
share/gps/color_themes/snapshots/Base16 Grayscale Light.png
share/gps/color_themes/snapshots/Base16 Green Screen Dark.png
share/gps/color_themes/snapshots/Base16 Green Screen Light.png
share/gps/color_themes/snapshots/Base16 Hopscotch Dark.png
share/gps/color_themes/snapshots/Base16 Hopscotch Light.png
share/gps/color_themes/snapshots/Base16 Isotope Dark.png
share/gps/color_themes/snapshots/Base16 Isotope Light.png
share/gps/color_themes/snapshots/Base16 London Tube Dark.png
share/gps/color_themes/snapshots/Base16 London Tube Light.png
share/gps/color_themes/snapshots/Base16 Marrakesh Dark.png
share/gps/color_themes/snapshots/Base16 Marrakesh Light.png
share/gps/color_themes/snapshots/Base16 Mocha Dark.png
share/gps/color_themes/snapshots/Base16 Mocha Light.png
share/gps/color_themes/snapshots/Base16 Monokai Dark.png
share/gps/color_themes/snapshots/Base16 Monokai Light.png
share/gps/color_themes/snapshots/Base16 Ocean Dark.png
share/gps/color_themes/snapshots/Base16 Ocean Light.png
share/gps/color_themes/snapshots/Base16 Paraiso Dark.png
share/gps/color_themes/snapshots/Base16 Paraiso Light.png
share/gps/color_themes/snapshots/Base16 Pop Dark.png
share/gps/color_themes/snapshots/Base16 Pop Light.png
share/gps/color_themes/snapshots/Base16 Railscasts Dark.png
share/gps/color_themes/snapshots/Base16 Railscasts Light.png
share/gps/color_themes/snapshots/Base16 Solarized Dark.png
share/gps/color_themes/snapshots/Base16 Solarized Light.png
share/gps/color_themes/snapshots/Base16 Summerfruit Dark.png
share/gps/color_themes/snapshots/Base16 Summerfruit Light.png
share/gps/color_themes/snapshots/Base16 Tomorrow Dark.png
share/gps/color_themes/snapshots/Base16 Tomorrow Light.png
share/gps/color_themes/snapshots/Base16 Twilight Dark.png
share/gps/color_themes/snapshots/Base16 Twilight Light.png
share/gps/color_themes/snapshots/Base16 harmonic16 Dark.png
share/gps/color_themes/snapshots/Base16 harmonic16 Light.png
share/gps/color_themes/snapshots/Base16 shapeshifter Dark.png
share/gps/color_themes/snapshots/Base16 shapeshifter Light.png
share/gps/color_themes/snapshots/Darkside.png
share/gps/color_themes/snapshots/Default.png
share/gps/color_themes/snapshots/Monokai.png
share/gps/color_themes/snapshots/Solarized (dark).png
share/gps/color_themes/snapshots/Solarized (light).png
share/gps/color_themes/snapshots/iPlastic.png
share/gps/color_themes/themes/base16/LICENSE.md
share/gps/color_themes/themes/base16/README.txt
share/gps/color_themes/themes/base16/base16-3024.dark.tmTheme
share/gps/color_themes/themes/base16/base16-3024.light.tmTheme
share/gps/color_themes/themes/base16/base16-apathy.dark.tmTheme
share/gps/color_themes/themes/base16/base16-apathy.light.tmTheme
share/gps/color_themes/themes/base16/base16-ashes.dark.tmTheme
share/gps/color_themes/themes/base16/base16-ashes.light.tmTheme
share/gps/color_themes/themes/base16/base16-atelierdune.dark.tmTheme
share/gps/color_themes/themes/base16/base16-atelierdune.light.tmTheme
share/gps/color_themes/themes/base16/base16-atelierforest.dark.tmTheme
share/gps/color_themes/themes/base16/base16-atelierforest.light.tmTheme
share/gps/color_themes/themes/base16/base16-atelierheath.dark.tmTheme
share/gps/color_themes/themes/base16/base16-atelierheath.light.tmTheme
share/gps/color_themes/themes/base16/base16-atelierlakeside.dark.tmTheme
share/gps/color_themes/themes/base16/base16-atelierlakeside.light.tmTheme
share/gps/color_themes/themes/base16/base16-atelierseaside.dark.tmTheme
share/gps/color_themes/themes/base16/base16-atelierseaside.light.tmTheme
share/gps/color_themes/themes/base16/base16-bespin.dark.tmTheme
share/gps/color_themes/themes/base16/base16-bespin.light.tmTheme
share/gps/color_themes/themes/base16/base16-brewer.dark.tmTheme
share/gps/color_themes/themes/base16/base16-brewer.light.tmTheme
share/gps/color_themes/themes/base16/base16-bright.dark.tmTheme
share/gps/color_themes/themes/base16/base16-bright.light.tmTheme
share/gps/color_themes/themes/base16/base16-chalk.dark.tmTheme
share/gps/color_themes/themes/base16/base16-chalk.light.tmTheme
share/gps/color_themes/themes/base16/base16-codeschool.dark.tmTheme
share/gps/color_themes/themes/base16/base16-codeschool.light.tmTheme
share/gps/color_themes/themes/base16/base16-colors.dark.tmTheme
share/gps/color_themes/themes/base16/base16-colors.light.tmTheme
share/gps/color_themes/themes/base16/base16-default.dark.tmTheme
share/gps/color_themes/themes/base16/base16-default.light.tmTheme
share/gps/color_themes/themes/base16/base16-eighties.dark.tmTheme
share/gps/color_themes/themes/base16/base16-eighties.light.tmTheme
share/gps/color_themes/themes/base16/base16-embers.dark.tmTheme
share/gps/color_themes/themes/base16/base16-embers.light.tmTheme
share/gps/color_themes/themes/base16/base16-flat.dark.tmTheme
share/gps/color_themes/themes/base16/base16-flat.light.tmTheme
share/gps/color_themes/themes/base16/base16-google.dark.tmTheme
share/gps/color_themes/themes/base16/base16-google.light.tmTheme
share/gps/color_themes/themes/base16/base16-grayscale.dark.tmTheme
share/gps/color_themes/themes/base16/base16-grayscale.light.tmTheme
share/gps/color_themes/themes/base16/base16-greenscreen.dark.tmTheme
share/gps/color_themes/themes/base16/base16-greenscreen.light.tmTheme
share/gps/color_themes/themes/base16/base16-harmonic16.dark.tmTheme
share/gps/color_themes/themes/base16/base16-harmonic16.light.tmTheme
share/gps/color_themes/themes/base16/base16-hopscotch.dark.tmTheme
share/gps/color_themes/themes/base16/base16-hopscotch.light.tmTheme
share/gps/color_themes/themes/base16/base16-isotope.dark.tmTheme
share/gps/color_themes/themes/base16/base16-isotope.light.tmTheme
share/gps/color_themes/themes/base16/base16-londontube.dark.tmTheme
share/gps/color_themes/themes/base16/base16-londontube.light.tmTheme
share/gps/color_themes/themes/base16/base16-marrakesh.dark.tmTheme
share/gps/color_themes/themes/base16/base16-marrakesh.light.tmTheme
share/gps/color_themes/themes/base16/base16-mocha.dark.tmTheme
share/gps/color_themes/themes/base16/base16-mocha.light.tmTheme
share/gps/color_themes/themes/base16/base16-monokai.dark.tmTheme
share/gps/color_themes/themes/base16/base16-monokai.light.tmTheme
share/gps/color_themes/themes/base16/base16-ocean.dark.tmTheme
share/gps/color_themes/themes/base16/base16-ocean.light.tmTheme
share/gps/color_themes/themes/base16/base16-paraiso.dark.tmTheme
share/gps/color_themes/themes/base16/base16-paraiso.light.tmTheme
share/gps/color_themes/themes/base16/base16-pop.dark.tmTheme
share/gps/color_themes/themes/base16/base16-pop.light.tmTheme
share/gps/color_themes/themes/base16/base16-railscasts.dark.tmTheme
share/gps/color_themes/themes/base16/base16-railscasts.light.tmTheme
share/gps/color_themes/themes/base16/base16-shapeshifter.dark.tmTheme
share/gps/color_themes/themes/base16/base16-shapeshifter.light.tmTheme
share/gps/color_themes/themes/base16/base16-solarized.dark.tmTheme
share/gps/color_themes/themes/base16/base16-solarized.light.tmTheme
share/gps/color_themes/themes/base16/base16-summerfruit.dark.tmTheme
share/gps/color_themes/themes/base16/base16-summerfruit.light.tmTheme
share/gps/color_themes/themes/base16/base16-tomorrow.dark.tmTheme
share/gps/color_themes/themes/base16/base16-tomorrow.light.tmTheme
share/gps/color_themes/themes/base16/base16-twilight.dark.tmTheme
share/gps/color_themes/themes/base16/base16-twilight.light.tmTheme
share/gps/color_themes/themes/solarized/LICENSE
share/gps/color_themes/themes/solarized/README.mkd
share/gps/color_themes/themes/solarized/README.txt
share/gps/color_themes/themes/solarized/Solarized (dark).tmTheme
share/gps/color_themes/themes/solarized/Solarized (light).tmTheme
share/gps/default.gpr
share/gps/fonts/README.txt
share/gps/gnatdoc/html/compile.sh
share/gps/gnatdoc/html/static/blank.html
share/gps/gnatdoc/html/static/gnatdoc.css
share/gps/gnatdoc/html/static/gnatdoc.js
share/gps/gnatdoc/html/static/index.html
share/gps/gnatdoc/html/static/inheritance_index.html
share/gps/gnatdoc/html/templates/documentation.html.tmpl
share/gps/gnatdoc/html/templates/documentation.js.tmpl
share/gps/gnatdoc/html/templates/documentation_index.js.tmpl
share/gps/gnatdoc/html/templates/entities_categories_index.js.tmpl
share/gps/gnatdoc/html/templates/entities_category.html.tmpl
share/gps/gnatdoc/html/templates/entities_category.js.tmpl
share/gps/gnatdoc/html/templates/index.js.tmpl
share/gps/gnatdoc/html/templates/inheritance_index.js.tmpl
share/gps/gnatdoc/html/templates/source_file.html.tmpl
share/gps/gnatdoc/html/templates/source_file.js.tmpl
share/gps/gnatdoc/html/templates/source_file_index.js.tmpl
share/gps/gnatdoc/simple/entities.tmpl
share/gps/gnatdoc/simple/files_index.tmpl
share/gps/gnatdoc/simple/index.tmpl
share/gps/gnatdoc/simple/prj_index.tmpl
share/gps/gnatdoc/simple/src.tmpl
share/gps/gnatdoc/simple/support/Makefile
share/gps/gnatdoc/simple/support/conf.py
share/gps/gnatdoc/simple/support/make.bat
share/gps/gps-Adwaita (Dark).css
share/gps/gps-Adwaita.css
share/gps/gps-gtk-win32-base.css
share/gps/gps-gtk-win32-classic.css
share/gps/gps-gtk-win32-xp.css
share/gps/gps-gtk-win32.css
share/gps/gps-splash.png
share/gps/gps.css
share/gps/icons/hicolor/24x24/apps/adacore_logo.png
share/gps/icons/hicolor/32x32/apps/button_guide.png
share/gps/icons/hicolor/32x32/apps/button_guide_over.png
share/gps/icons/hicolor/32x32/apps/button_overview.png
share/gps/icons/hicolor/32x32/apps/button_overview_over.png
share/gps/icons/hicolor/32x32/apps/button_tutorial.png
share/gps/icons/hicolor/32x32/apps/button_tutorial_over.png
share/gps/icons/hicolor/32x32/apps/gps_32.png
share/gps/icons/hicolor/32x32/apps/welcome_header.png
share/gps/icons/hicolor/index.theme
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/16x16/gps-add-symbolic.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/16x16/gps-backward-symbolic.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/16x16/gps-boardloading-debug-symbolic.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/16x16/gps-boardloading-flash-symbolic.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/16x16/gps-boardloading-symbolic.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/16x16/gps-build-all-symbolic.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/16x16/gps-build-main-symbolic.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/16x16/gps-clean-symbolic.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/16x16/gps-clear-entry-symbolic.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/16x16/gps-clear-symbolic.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/16x16/gps-close-symbolic.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/16x16/gps-codefix-multi.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/16x16/gps-codefix.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/16x16/gps-collapse-all-symbolic.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/16x16/gps-compile-symbolic.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/16x16/gps-compute-xref-symbolic.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/16x16/gps-config-menu-symbolic.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/16x16/gps-copy-symbolic.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/16x16/gps-custom-build-symbolic.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/16x16/gps-cut-symbolic.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/16x16/gps-debugger-down.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/16x16/gps-debugger-finish.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/16x16/gps-debugger-next.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/16x16/gps-debugger-run.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/16x16/gps-debugger-step.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/16x16/gps-debugger-stop-symbolic.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/16x16/gps-debugger-up.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/16x16/gps-double-arrow-symbolic.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/16x16/gps-edit-symbolic.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/16x16/gps-emulatorloading-debug-symbolic.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/16x16/gps-emulatorloading-run-symbolic.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/16x16/gps-emulatorloading-symbolic.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/16x16/gps-expand-all-symbolic.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/16x16/gps-fold-block-symbolic.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/16x16/gps-forward-symbolic.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/16x16/gps-gnatprove-symbolic.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/16x16/gps-goto-symbolic.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/16x16/gps-lock-symbolic.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/16x16/gps-new-document-symbolic.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/16x16/gps-open-file-symbolic.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/16x16/gps-open-project-symbolic.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/16x16/gps-paste-symbolic.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/16x16/gps-pause-symbolic.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/16x16/gps-print-symbolic.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/16x16/gps-redo-symbolic.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/16x16/gps-refresh-symbolic.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/16x16/gps-remove-symbolic.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/16x16/gps-remove-unselected-symbolic.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/16x16/gps-rename-symbolic.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/16x16/gps-run-symbolic.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/16x16/gps-save-symbolic.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/16x16/gps-search-and-menu-symbolic.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/16x16/gps-search-symbolic.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/16x16/gps-select-all-symbolic.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/16x16/gps-semantic-check-symbolic.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/16x16/gps-settings-symbolic.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/16x16/gps-stop-symbolic.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/16x16/gps-syntax-check-symbolic.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/16x16/gps-toggle-links-symbolic.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/16x16/gps-undo-symbolic.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/16x16/gps-unfold-block-symbolic.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/16x16/gps-unlock-symbolic.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/16x16/gps-zoom-100-symbolic.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/16x16/gps-zoom-in-symbolic.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/16x16/gps-zoom-out-symbolic.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/emblems/gps-diff-conflict-symbolic.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/emblems/gps-diff-noconflict-symbolic.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/emblems/gps-emblem-alias-symbolic.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/emblems/gps-emblem-build-error.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/emblems/gps-emblem-build-info-symbolic.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/emblems/gps-emblem-build-style.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/emblems/gps-emblem-build-warning.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/emblems/gps-emblem-category.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/emblems/gps-emblem-debugger-breakpoint.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/emblems/gps-emblem-debugger-current.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/emblems/gps-emblem-debugger-line-has-code.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/emblems/gps-emblem-debugger-line-might-have-code.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/emblems/gps-emblem-directory-closed.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/emblems/gps-emblem-directory-open.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/emblems/gps-emblem-directory-symbolic.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/emblems/gps-emblem-entity-generic-private-spec.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/emblems/gps-emblem-entity-generic-private.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/emblems/gps-emblem-entity-generic-protected-spec.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/emblems/gps-emblem-entity-generic-protected.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/emblems/gps-emblem-entity-generic-spec.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/emblems/gps-emblem-entity-generic.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/emblems/gps-emblem-entity-package-private-spec.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/emblems/gps-emblem-entity-package-private.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/emblems/gps-emblem-entity-package-protected-spec.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/emblems/gps-emblem-entity-package-protected.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/emblems/gps-emblem-entity-package-spec.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/emblems/gps-emblem-entity-package.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/emblems/gps-emblem-entity-subprogram-private-spec.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/emblems/gps-emblem-entity-subprogram-private.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/emblems/gps-emblem-entity-subprogram-protected-spec.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/emblems/gps-emblem-entity-subprogram-protected.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/emblems/gps-emblem-entity-subprogram-spec.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/emblems/gps-emblem-entity-subprogram.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/emblems/gps-emblem-entity-type-private-spec.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/emblems/gps-emblem-entity-type-private.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/emblems/gps-emblem-entity-type-protected-spec.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/emblems/gps-emblem-entity-type-protected.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/emblems/gps-emblem-entity-type-spec.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/emblems/gps-emblem-entity-type.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/emblems/gps-emblem-entity-variable-private-spec.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/emblems/gps-emblem-entity-variable-private.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/emblems/gps-emblem-entity-variable-protected-spec.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/emblems/gps-emblem-entity-variable-protected.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/emblems/gps-emblem-entity-variable-spec.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/emblems/gps-emblem-entity-variable.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/emblems/gps-emblem-execdir-closed.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/emblems/gps-emblem-execdir-open.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/emblems/gps-emblem-file-modified.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/emblems/gps-emblem-file-unmodified.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/emblems/gps-emblem-file-unsaved.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/emblems/gps-emblem-gcov-covered-symbolic.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/emblems/gps-emblem-gcov-uncovered-symbolic.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/emblems/gps-emblem-info.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/emblems/gps-emblem-libdir-closed.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/emblems/gps-emblem-libdir-open.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/emblems/gps-emblem-objdir-closed.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/emblems/gps-emblem-objdir-open.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/emblems/gps-emblem-project-closed.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/emblems/gps-emblem-project-modified-closed.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/emblems/gps-emblem-project-modified-open.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/emblems/gps-emblem-project-open.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/emblems/gps-emblem-project-root-closed.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/emblems/gps-emblem-project-root-open.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/emblems/gps-emblem-project-runtime-closed.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/emblems/gps-emblem-project-runtime-open.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/emblems/gps-emblem-vcs-added.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/emblems/gps-emblem-vcs-has-conflicts.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/emblems/gps-emblem-vcs-modified.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/emblems/gps-emblem-vcs-needs-merge.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/emblems/gps-emblem-vcs-needs-update.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/emblems/gps-emblem-vcs-not-registered.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/emblems/gps-emblem-vcs-removed.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/emblems/gps-emblem-vcs-unknown.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/emblems/gps-emblem-vcs-up-to-date.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/emblems/gps-hidden-item-symbolic.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/emblems/gps-sync-to-local.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/emblems/gps-sync-to-remote.svg
share/gps/icons/hicolor/scalable/emblems/gps-unknown-item-symbolic.svg
share/gps/key_themes/default.xml
share/gps/key_themes/emacs.xml
share/gps/key_themes/include/common.xml
share/gps/library/addr2line.py
share/gps/library/auto_changelog.py
share/gps/library/autoformat.py
share/gps/library/autognatpp.py
share/gps/library/closeold.py
share/gps/library/copy_paste.py
share/gps/library/copy_paste_toolbar.py
share/gps/library/cov_export.py
share/gps/library/create_missing_dirs.py
share/gps/library/debugger.py
share/gps/library/dependencies.py
share/gps/library/eclipse.py
share/gps/library/emacs.py
share/gps/library/enter.py
share/gps/library/filedeps.py
share/gps/library/filepos.py
share/gps/library/first_subtype.py
share/gps/library/formatfile.py
share/gps/library/gnatfind.py
share/gps/library/gnatpp_switches.py
share/gps/library/gnatr.py
share/gps/library/ispell.py
share/gps/library/local_history.py
share/gps/library/occurrences.py
share/gps/library/open_file.py
share/gps/library/parasail.py
share/gps/library/ppc.py
share/gps/library/prevent_project_edition.py
share/gps/library/remote_rsh.py
share/gps/library/save_on_compile.py
share/gps/library/separate.py
share/gps/library/simple_project.py
share/gps/library/skeleton.py
share/gps/library/treemove.py
share/gps/library/unicode.py
share/gps/library/unused_entities.py
share/gps/library/vi.py
share/gps/library/vim.py
share/gps/menus.xml
share/gps/perspectives6.xml
share/gps/plug-ins/ada_support.py
share/gps/plug-ins/ada_support.pyc
share/gps/plug-ins/align.py
share/gps/plug-ins/align.pyc
share/gps/plug-ins/auto_highlight_occurrences.py
share/gps/plug-ins/auto_highlight_occurrences.pyc
share/gps/plug-ins/block_completion.py
share/gps/plug-ins/block_completion.pyc
share/gps/plug-ins/c_support.py
share/gps/plug-ins/c_support.pyc
share/gps/plug-ins/changelog.py
share/gps/plug-ins/changelog.pyc
share/gps/plug-ins/clearcase.py
share/gps/plug-ins/clearcase.pyc
share/gps/plug-ins/codepeer.py
share/gps/plug-ins/codepeer.pyc
share/gps/plug-ins/csharp.py
share/gps/plug-ins/csharp.pyc
share/gps/plug-ins/css_support.py
share/gps/plug-ins/css_support.pyc
share/gps/plug-ins/cvs.py
share/gps/plug-ins/cvs.pyc
share/gps/plug-ins/dispatching.py
share/gps/plug-ins/dispatching.pyc
share/gps/plug-ins/editors.py
share/gps/plug-ins/editors.pyc
share/gps/plug-ins/expanded_code.py
share/gps/plug-ins/expanded_code.pyc
share/gps/plug-ins/fortran_highlighter.py
share/gps/plug-ins/fortran_highlighter.pyc
share/gps/plug-ins/gcov.py
share/gps/plug-ins/gcov.pyc
share/gps/plug-ins/git.py
share/gps/plug-ins/git.pyc
share/gps/plug-ins/gnatcheck.py
share/gps/plug-ins/gnatcheck.pyc
share/gps/plug-ins/gnatcov.py
share/gps/plug-ins/gnatcov.pyc
share/gps/plug-ins/gnatdist.py
share/gps/plug-ins/gnatdist.pyc
share/gps/plug-ins/gnatdoc.py
share/gps/plug-ins/gnatdoc.pyc
share/gps/plug-ins/gnatemulator.py
share/gps/plug-ins/gnatemulator.pyc
share/gps/plug-ins/gnatname.py
share/gps/plug-ins/gnatname.pyc
share/gps/plug-ins/gnatpp.py
share/gps/plug-ins/gnatpp.pyc
share/gps/plug-ins/gnatpsta.py
share/gps/plug-ins/gnatpsta.pyc
share/gps/plug-ins/gnatstack.py
share/gps/plug-ins/gnatstack.pyc
share/gps/plug-ins/gnatstub.py
share/gps/plug-ins/gnatstub.pyc
share/gps/plug-ins/gnattest.py
share/gps/plug-ins/gnattest.pyc
share/gps/plug-ins/gpr.py
share/gps/plug-ins/gpr.pyc
share/gps/plug-ins/images/tip_all_occurrences.png
share/gps/plug-ins/images/tip_build_menu.png
share/gps/plug-ins/images/tip_insert_spaces_with_tab.png
share/gps/plug-ins/images/tip_jump_to_first_location.png
share/gps/plug-ins/images/tip_keyboard_macro.png
share/gps/plug-ins/images/tip_makefile_support.png
share/gps/plug-ins/images/tip_multi_language_builder.png
share/gps/plug-ins/images/tip_multiple_views.png
share/gps/plug-ins/images/tip_notebook_tabs_position.png
share/gps/plug-ins/images/tip_os_shell.png
share/gps/plug-ins/images/tip_task_manager.png
share/gps/plug-ins/isearch.py
share/gps/plug-ins/isearch.pyc
share/gps/plug-ins/jedi_support.py
share/gps/plug-ins/jedi_support.pyc
share/gps/plug-ins/listvars.py
share/gps/plug-ins/listvars.pyc
share/gps/plug-ins/makefile.py
share/gps/plug-ins/makefile.pyc
share/gps/plug-ins/matlab_support.py
share/gps/plug-ins/matlab_support.pyc
share/gps/plug-ins/mercurial.py
share/gps/plug-ins/mercurial.pyc
share/gps/plug-ins/methods.py
share/gps/plug-ins/methods.pyc
share/gps/plug-ins/modeling.py
share/gps/plug-ins/modeling.pyc
share/gps/plug-ins/pep8_integration.py
share/gps/plug-ins/pep8_integration.pyc
share/gps/plug-ins/pipe.py
share/gps/plug-ins/pipe.pyc
share/gps/plug-ins/python_support.py
share/gps/plug-ins/python_support.pyc
share/gps/plug-ins/rectangles.py
share/gps/plug-ins/rectangles.pyc
share/gps/plug-ins/shell.py
share/gps/plug-ins/shell.pyc
share/gps/plug-ins/sort_selection.py
share/gps/plug-ins/sort_selection.pyc
share/gps/plug-ins/spark2014.py
share/gps/plug-ins/spark2014.pyc
share/gps/plug-ins/st_link.py
share/gps/plug-ins/st_link.pyc
share/gps/plug-ins/subversion.py
share/gps/plug-ins/subversion.pyc
share/gps/plug-ins/tab.py
share/gps/plug-ins/tab.pyc
share/gps/plug-ins/tip_of_the_day.py
share/gps/plug-ins/tip_of_the_day.pyc
share/gps/plug-ins/url.py
share/gps/plug-ins/url.pyc
share/gps/plug-ins/xml_support.py
share/gps/plug-ins/xml_support.pyc
share/gps/plug-ins/zoom.py
share/gps/plug-ins/zoom.pyc
share/gps/predefined_ada.xml
share/gps/readonly.gpr
share/gps/show_coverage.xsl
share/gps/support/core/GPS_help.py
share/gps/support/core/GPS_help.pyc
share/gps/support/core/GPS_old/__init__.py
share/gps/support/core/GPS_old/__init__.pyc
share/gps/support/core/__init__.py
share/gps/support/core/__init__.pyc
share/gps/support/core/aliases.py
share/gps/support/core/aliases.pyc
share/gps/support/core/auto_load.py
share/gps/support/core/auto_load.pyc
share/gps/support/core/build.py
share/gps/support/core/build.pyc
share/gps/support/core/clang/__init__.py
share/gps/support/core/clang/__init__.pyc
share/gps/support/core/clang/cindex.py
share/gps/support/core/clang/cindex.pyc
share/gps/support/core/clang/enumerations.py
share/gps/support/core/clang/enumerations.pyc
share/gps/support/core/color_utils.py
share/gps/support/core/color_utils.pyc
share/gps/support/core/compiler_paths.py
share/gps/support/core/compiler_paths.pyc
share/gps/support/core/completion.py
share/gps/support/core/completion.pyc
share/gps/support/core/console_utils.py
share/gps/support/core/console_utils.pyc
share/gps/support/core/constructs.py
share/gps/support/core/constructs.pyc
share/gps/support/core/customFiles.xsd
share/gps/support/core/extensions/__init__.py
share/gps/support/core/extensions/__init__.pyc
share/gps/support/core/extensions/private/__init__.py
share/gps/support/core/extensions/private/__init__.pyc
share/gps/support/core/extensions/private/xml.py
share/gps/support/core/extensions/private/xml.pyc
share/gps/support/core/gnat_switches.py
share/gps/support/core/gps_utils/__init__.py
share/gps/support/core/gps_utils/__init__.pyc
share/gps/support/core/gps_utils/console_process.py
share/gps/support/core/gps_utils/console_process.pyc
share/gps/support/core/gps_utils/gnat_rules.py
share/gps/support/core/gps_utils/gnat_rules.pyc
share/gps/support/core/gps_utils/gnatcheck_default.py
share/gps/support/core/gps_utils/gnatcheck_default.pyc
share/gps/support/core/gps_utils/gnatcheck_rules_editor.py
share/gps/support/core/gps_utils/gnatcheck_rules_editor.pyc
share/gps/support/core/gps_utils/highlighter.py
share/gps/support/core/gps_utils/highlighter.pyc
share/gps/support/core/gps_utils/switches.py
share/gps/support/core/gps_utils/switches.pyc
share/gps/support/core/languages.py
share/gps/support/core/languages.pyc
share/gps/support/core/modules.py
share/gps/support/core/modules.pyc
share/gps/support/core/navigation_utils.py
share/gps/support/core/navigation_utils.pyc
share/gps/support/core/os_utils.py
share/gps/support/core/os_utils.pyc
share/gps/support/core/projects.py
share/gps/support/core/projects.pyc
share/gps/support/core/protocols.py
share/gps/support/core/protocols.py.in
share/gps/support/core/protocols.pyc
share/gps/support/core/runtime.py
share/gps/support/core/search.py
share/gps/support/core/search.pyc
share/gps/support/core/text_utils.py
share/gps/support/core/text_utils.pyc
share/gps/support/core/tool_output.py
share/gps/support/core/tool_output.pyc
share/gps/support/core/toolchains.py
share/gps/support/core/toolchains.pyc
share/gps/support/core/vcs.py
share/gps/support/core/vcs.pyc
share/gps/support/ui/GPS_doc/Browsers.py
share/gps/support/ui/GPS_doc/Browsers.pyc
share/gps/support/ui/GPS_doc/__init__.py
share/gps/support/ui/GPS_doc/__init__.pyc
share/gps/support/ui/GPS_doc/generated_hooks.py
share/gps/support/ui/GPS_doc/generated_hooks.pyc
share/gps/support/ui/c_highlighter.py
share/gps/support/ui/c_highlighter.pyc
share/gps/support/ui/clang_support.py
share/gps/support/ui/clang_support.pyc
share/gps/support/ui/colorschemes.py
share/gps/support/ui/colorschemes.pyc
share/gps/support/ui/console.py
share/gps/support/ui/console.pyc
share/gps/support/ui/css_highlighter.py
share/gps/support/ui/css_highlighter.pyc
share/gps/support/ui/gnatmetric.py
share/gps/support/ui/gnatmetric.pyc
share/gps/support/ui/gpsbrowsers.py
share/gps/support/ui/gpsbrowsers.pyc
share/gps/support/ui/highlighter/__init__.py
share/gps/support/ui/highlighter/__init__.pyc
share/gps/support/ui/highlighter/common.py
share/gps/support/ui/highlighter/common.pyc
share/gps/support/ui/highlighter/engine.py
share/gps/support/ui/highlighter/engine.pyc
share/gps/support/ui/highlighter/interface.py
share/gps/support/ui/highlighter/interface.pyc
share/gps/support/ui/locations_view_utils.py
share/gps/support/ui/locations_view_utils.pyc
share/gps/support/ui/multi_cursors.py
share/gps/support/ui/multi_cursors.pyc
share/gps/support/ui/pygps/__init__.py
share/gps/support/ui/pygps/__init__.pyc
share/gps/support/ui/pygps/notebook.py
share/gps/support/ui/pygps/notebook.pyc
share/gps/support/ui/pygps/project.py
share/gps/support/ui/pygps/project.pyc
share/gps/support/ui/pygps/tree.py
share/gps/support/ui/pygps/tree.pyc
share/gps/support/ui/python_highlighter.py
share/gps/support/ui/python_highlighter.pyc
share/gps/support/ui/reloadcss.py
share/gps/support/ui/reloadcss.pyc
share/gps/support/ui/task_manager.py
share/gps/support/ui/task_manager.pyc
share/gps/support/ui/textmate.py
share/gps/support/ui/textmate.pyc
share/gps/support/ui/workflows/__init__.py
share/gps/support/ui/workflows/__init__.pyc
share/gps/support/ui/workflows/promises.py
share/gps/support/ui/workflows/promises.pyc
share/gps/templates/ajis_hello/@_project_name_@.gpr
share/gps/templates/ajis_hello/Makefile
share/gps/templates/ajis_hello/ajis_hello.gpt
share/gps/templates/ajis_hello/src_ada/hello.adb
share/gps/templates/ajis_hello/src_ada/hello.ads
share/gps/templates/ajis_hello/src_java/com/adacore/example/@_Main_Name_@.java
share/gps/templates/aws_simple_web_server/@_project_name_@.gpr
share/gps/templates/aws_simple_web_server/simple_web_server.gpt
share/gps/templates/aws_simple_web_server/src/@_project_name_@-callbacks.adb
share/gps/templates/aws_simple_web_server/src/@_project_name_@-callbacks.ads
share/gps/templates/aws_simple_web_server/src/@_project_name_@-main.adb
share/gps/templates/aws_simple_web_server/src/@_project_name_@.ads
share/gps/templates/aws_web_server/@_project_name_@.gpr
share/gps/templates/aws_web_server/css/style.css
share/gps/templates/aws_web_server/img/gps_logo.png
share/gps/templates/aws_web_server/src/@_project_name_@-dispatchers.adb
share/gps/templates/aws_web_server/src/@_project_name_@-dispatchers.ads
share/gps/templates/aws_web_server/src/@_project_name_@-main.adb
share/gps/templates/aws_web_server/src/@_project_name_@.ads
share/gps/templates/aws_web_server/tmplt/main.thtml
share/gps/templates/aws_web_server/web_server.gpt
share/gps/templates/aws_web_server_blocks/@_project_name_@.gpr
share/gps/templates/aws_web_server_blocks/README
share/gps/templates/aws_web_server_blocks/css/style.css
share/gps/templates/aws_web_server_blocks/gen/templates.tada
share/gps/templates/aws_web_server_blocks/img/gps_logo.png
share/gps/templates/aws_web_server_blocks/js/ajax_api.tjs
share/gps/templates/aws_web_server_blocks/js/aws.tjs
share/gps/templates/aws_web_server_blocks/js/aws_kernel.tjs
share/gps/templates/aws_web_server_blocks/js/behaviour.js
share/gps/templates/aws_web_server_blocks/js/prototype.js
share/gps/templates/aws_web_server_blocks/js/scriptaculous.js
share/gps/templates/aws_web_server_blocks/makefile
share/gps/templates/aws_web_server_blocks/open_readme.py
share/gps/templates/aws_web_server_blocks/src/@_project_name_@-ajax.adb
share/gps/templates/aws_web_server_blocks/src/@_project_name_@-ajax.ads
share/gps/templates/aws_web_server_blocks/src/@_project_name_@-dispatchers.adb
share/gps/templates/aws_web_server_blocks/src/@_project_name_@-dispatchers.ads
share/gps/templates/aws_web_server_blocks/src/@_project_name_@-main.adb
share/gps/templates/aws_web_server_blocks/src/@_project_name_@-web_blocks.adb
share/gps/templates/aws_web_server_blocks/src/@_project_name_@-web_blocks.ads
share/gps/templates/aws_web_server_blocks/src/@_project_name_@.ads
share/gps/templates/aws_web_server_blocks/tmplt/main.thtml
share/gps/templates/aws_web_server_blocks/tmplt/r_widget_counter.txml
share/gps/templates/aws_web_server_blocks/tmplt/widget_counter.thtml
share/gps/templates/aws_web_server_blocks/web_server_blocks.gpt
share/gps/templates/gtkada_minimal/@_project_name_@.gpr
share/gps/templates/gtkada_minimal/gtkada_minimal.gpt
share/gps/templates/gtkada_minimal/src/@_main_name_@.adb
share/gps/templates/simple_project/@_project_name_@.gpr
share/gps/templates/simple_project/simple_project.gpt
share/gps/templates/simple_project/src/@_main_name_@.adb
share/gps/templates/stm32f_leds/@_project_name_@.gpr
share/gps/templates/stm32f_leds/src/@_main_name_@.adb
share/gps/templates/stm32f_leds/src/button.adb
share/gps/templates/stm32f_leds/src/button.ads
share/gps/templates/stm32f_leds/src/driver.adb
share/gps/templates/stm32f_leds/src/driver.ads
share/gps/templates/stm32f_leds/src/last_chance_handler.adb
share/gps/templates/stm32f_leds/src/last_chance_handler.ads
share/gps/templates/stm32f_leds/src/leds.adb
share/gps/templates/stm32f_leds/src/leds.ads
share/gps/templates/stm32f_leds/src/registers.ads
share/gps/templates/stm32f_leds/src/stm32f4-gpio.ads
share/gps/templates/stm32f_leds/src/stm32f4-reset_clock_control.ads
share/gps/templates/stm32f_leds/src/stm32f4-sysconfig_control.ads
share/gps/templates/stm32f_leds/src/stm32f4.ads
share/gps/templates/stm32f_leds/stm32f_leds.gpt
