--- doc/vice.texi.orig	2018-12-19 23:41:08 UTC
+++ doc/vice.texi
@@ -1552,8 +1552,8 @@ System files can still be installed in a
 specify a complete path instead of just a file name.  For example, if
 you specify @file{./kernal} as the kernal image name, the kernal image
 will be loaded from the current directory.  This can be done by using
-command-line options or by modifying resource values (@pxref{Resource
-files}).
+command-line options or by modifying
+resource values (@pxref{Resource files}).
 
 @menu
 * ROM files::                   Files containing dumps of the original ROMs.
@@ -11775,8 +11775,9 @@ character cell, the 8 colour bits are us
 @subsection Changing screen colors
 
 It is also possible to choose what color set is used for the emulation
-window.  This is done by specifying a palette file name (@pxref{Palette
-files}) in the @code{PaletteName} resource.  The menu provides the
+window.  This is done by specifying a palette file
+name (@pxref{Palette files}) in the @code{PaletteName}
+resource.  The menu provides the
 following values:
 
 @itemize @bullet
@@ -12204,8 +12205,9 @@ xcbm5x0: (510)
 @subsection Changing screen colors
 
 It is also possible to choose what color set is used for the emulation
-window.  This is done by specifying a palette file name (@pxref{Palette
-files}) in the @code{PaletteName} resource.  The menu provides the
+window.  This is done by specifying a palette file name
+(@pxref{Palette files}) in the @code{PaletteName}
+resource.  The menu provides the
 following values:
 
 @itemize @bullet
@@ -26924,8 +26926,8 @@ the VICE FAQ (it is available on the Int
 VICE home page:
 @uref{http://vice-emu.sourceforge.net});
 @item
-the @code{comp.emulators.cbm} and @code{comp.sys.cbm} FAQs (@pxref{FAQs
-you should read}).
+the @code{comp.emulators.cbm} and @code{comp.sys.cbm}
+FAQs (@pxref{FAQs you should read}).
 @end itemize
 
 @item
