share/licenses/%%PKGNAME%%/EULA.rtf
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Microsoft.CSharp.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile102/RedistList/FrameworkList.xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile102/SupportedFrameworks/.NET Framework 4.0.3.xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile102/SupportedFrameworks/Windows 8.xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile102/SupportedFrameworks/Windows Phone 8.1.xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile102/System.Core.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile102/System.Net.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile102/System.Runtime.Serialization.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile102/System.ServiceModel.Web.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile102/System.Xml.Linq.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile102/System.Xml.Serialization.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile102/System.Xml.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile102/System.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile102/mscorlib.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile136/RedistList/FrameworkList.xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile136/SupportedFrameworks/.NET Framework 4.xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile136/SupportedFrameworks/Silverlight 5.xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile136/SupportedFrameworks/Windows 8.xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile136/SupportedFrameworks/Windows Phone 8.xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile136/SupportedFrameworks/Windows Phone Silverlight 8.xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile136/SupportedFrameworks/Windows Store apps (Windows 8).xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile136/System.Core.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile136/System.Net.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile136/System.Runtime.Serialization.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile136/System.ServiceModel.Web.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile136/System.ServiceModel.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile136/System.Xml.Serialization.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile136/System.Xml.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile136/System.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile136/mscorlib.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile14/RedistList/FrameworkList.xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile14/SupportedFrameworks/.NET Framework 4.xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile14/SupportedFrameworks/Silverlight 5.xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile14/System.ComponentModel.Composition.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile14/System.Core.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile14/System.Net.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile14/System.Runtime.Serialization.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile14/System.ServiceModel.Web.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile14/System.ServiceModel.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile14/System.Xml.Serialization.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile14/System.Xml.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile14/System.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile14/mscorlib.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile147/RedistList/FrameworkList.xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile147/SupportedFrameworks/.NET Framework 4.0.3.xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile147/SupportedFrameworks/Silverlight 5.xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile147/SupportedFrameworks/Windows 8.xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile147/SupportedFrameworks/Windows Phone 8.xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile147/SupportedFrameworks/Windows Phone Silverlight 8.xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile147/SupportedFrameworks/Windows Store apps (Windows 8).xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile147/System.Core.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile147/System.Net.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile147/System.Runtime.Serialization.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile147/System.ServiceModel.Web.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile147/System.ServiceModel.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile147/System.Xml.Linq.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile147/System.Xml.Serialization.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile147/System.Xml.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile147/System.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile147/mscorlib.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile158/Microsoft.CSharp.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile158/RedistList/FrameworkList.xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile158/SupportedFrameworks/.NET Framework 4.5.xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile158/SupportedFrameworks/Silverlight 5.xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile158/SupportedFrameworks/Windows 8.xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile158/SupportedFrameworks/Windows Phone 8.xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile158/SupportedFrameworks/Windows Phone Silverlight 8.xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile158/SupportedFrameworks/Windows Store apps (Windows 8).xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile158/System.Core.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile158/System.Net.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile158/System.Runtime.Serialization.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile158/System.ServiceModel.Web.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile158/System.ServiceModel.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile158/System.Windows.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile158/System.Xml.Linq.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile158/System.Xml.Serialization.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile158/System.Xml.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile158/System.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile158/mscorlib.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile19/RedistList/FrameworkList.xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile19/SupportedFrameworks/.NET Framework 4.0.3.xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile19/SupportedFrameworks/Silverlight 5.xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile19/System.ComponentModel.Composition.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile19/System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile19/System.Core.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile19/System.Net.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile19/System.Runtime.Serialization.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile19/System.ServiceModel.Web.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile19/System.ServiceModel.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile19/System.Xml.Linq.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile19/System.Xml.Serialization.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile19/System.Xml.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile19/System.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile19/mscorlib.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile225/RedistList/FrameworkList.xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile225/SupportedFrameworks/.NET Framework 4.xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile225/SupportedFrameworks/Silverlight 5.xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile225/SupportedFrameworks/Windows 8.xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile225/SupportedFrameworks/Windows Phone 8.1.xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile225/System.Core.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile225/System.Net.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile225/System.Runtime.Serialization.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile225/System.ServiceModel.Web.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile225/System.Xml.Serialization.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile225/System.Xml.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile225/System.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile225/mscorlib.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile24/Microsoft.CSharp.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile24/RedistList/FrameworkList.xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile24/SupportedFrameworks/.NET Framework 4.5.xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile24/SupportedFrameworks/Silverlight 5.xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile24/System.ComponentModel.Composition.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile24/System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile24/System.Core.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile24/System.Net.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile24/System.Numerics.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile24/System.Runtime.Serialization.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile24/System.ServiceModel.Web.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile24/System.ServiceModel.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile24/System.Windows.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile24/System.Xml.Linq.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile24/System.Xml.Serialization.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile24/System.Xml.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile24/System.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile24/mscorlib.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile240/RedistList/FrameworkList.xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile240/SupportedFrameworks/.NET Framework 4.0.3.xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile240/SupportedFrameworks/Silverlight 5.xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile240/SupportedFrameworks/Windows 8.xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile240/SupportedFrameworks/Windows Phone 8.1.xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile240/System.Core.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile240/System.Net.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile240/System.Runtime.Serialization.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile240/System.ServiceModel.Web.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile240/System.Xml.Linq.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile240/System.Xml.Serialization.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile240/System.Xml.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile240/System.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile240/mscorlib.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile255/Microsoft.CSharp.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile255/RedistList/FrameworkList.xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile255/SupportedFrameworks/.NET Framework 4.5.xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile255/SupportedFrameworks/Silverlight 5.xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile255/SupportedFrameworks/Windows 8.xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile255/SupportedFrameworks/Windows Phone 8.1.xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile255/System.Core.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile255/System.Net.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile255/System.Runtime.Serialization.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile255/System.ServiceModel.Web.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile255/System.Xml.Linq.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile255/System.Xml.Serialization.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile255/System.Xml.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile255/System.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile255/mscorlib.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile328/RedistList/FrameworkList.xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile328/SupportedFrameworks/.NET Framework 4.xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile328/SupportedFrameworks/Silverlight 5.xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile328/SupportedFrameworks/Windows 8.xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile328/SupportedFrameworks/Windows Phone 8.1.xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile328/SupportedFrameworks/Windows Phone Silverlight 8.xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile328/System.Core.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile328/System.Net.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile328/System.Runtime.Serialization.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile328/System.ServiceModel.Web.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile328/System.Xml.Serialization.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile328/System.Xml.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile328/System.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile328/mscorlib.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile336/RedistList/FrameworkList.xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile336/SupportedFrameworks/.NET Framework 4.0.3.xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile336/SupportedFrameworks/Silverlight 5.xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile336/SupportedFrameworks/Windows 8.xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile336/SupportedFrameworks/Windows Phone 8.1.xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile336/SupportedFrameworks/Windows Phone Silverlight 8.xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile336/System.Core.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile336/System.Net.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile336/System.Runtime.Serialization.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile336/System.ServiceModel.Web.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile336/System.Xml.Linq.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile336/System.Xml.Serialization.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile336/System.Xml.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile336/System.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile336/mscorlib.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile344/Microsoft.CSharp.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile344/RedistList/FrameworkList.xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile344/SupportedFrameworks/.NET Framework 4.5.xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile344/SupportedFrameworks/Silverlight 5.xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile344/SupportedFrameworks/Windows 8.xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile344/SupportedFrameworks/Windows Phone 8.1.xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile344/SupportedFrameworks/Windows Phone Silverlight 8.xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile344/System.Core.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile344/System.Net.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile344/System.Runtime.Serialization.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile344/System.ServiceModel.Web.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile344/System.Xml.Linq.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile344/System.Xml.Serialization.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile344/System.Xml.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile344/System.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile344/mscorlib.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile37/RedistList/FrameworkList.xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile37/SupportedFrameworks/.NET Framework 4.xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile37/SupportedFrameworks/Silverlight 5.xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile37/SupportedFrameworks/Windows 8.xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile37/SupportedFrameworks/Windows Store apps (Windows 8).xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile37/System.Core.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile37/System.Net.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile37/System.Runtime.Serialization.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile37/System.ServiceModel.Web.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile37/System.ServiceModel.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile37/System.Xml.Serialization.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile37/System.Xml.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile37/System.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile37/mscorlib.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile42/RedistList/FrameworkList.xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile42/SupportedFrameworks/.NET Framework 4.0.3.xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile42/SupportedFrameworks/Silverlight 5.xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile42/SupportedFrameworks/Windows 8.xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile42/SupportedFrameworks/Windows Store apps (Windows 8).xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile42/System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile42/System.Core.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile42/System.Net.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile42/System.Runtime.Serialization.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile42/System.ServiceModel.Web.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile42/System.ServiceModel.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile42/System.Xml.Linq.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile42/System.Xml.Serialization.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile42/System.Xml.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile42/System.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile42/mscorlib.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile47/Microsoft.CSharp.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile47/RedistList/FrameworkList.xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile47/SupportedFrameworks/.NET Framework 4.5.xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile47/SupportedFrameworks/Silverlight 5.xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile47/SupportedFrameworks/Windows 8.xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile47/SupportedFrameworks/Windows Store apps (Windows 8).xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile47/System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile47/System.Core.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile47/System.Net.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile47/System.Numerics.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile47/System.Runtime.Serialization.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile47/System.ServiceModel.Web.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile47/System.ServiceModel.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile47/System.Windows.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile47/System.Xml.Linq.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile47/System.Xml.Serialization.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile47/System.Xml.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile47/System.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile47/mscorlib.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile5/RedistList/FrameworkList.xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile5/SupportedFrameworks/.NET Framework 4.xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile5/SupportedFrameworks/Windows 8.xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile5/SupportedFrameworks/Windows Store apps (Windows 8).xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile5/System.Core.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile5/System.Net.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile5/System.Runtime.Serialization.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile5/System.ServiceModel.Web.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile5/System.ServiceModel.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile5/System.Xml.Serialization.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile5/System.Xml.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile5/System.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile5/mscorlib.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile6/RedistList/FrameworkList.xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile6/SupportedFrameworks/.NET Framework 4.0.3.xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile6/SupportedFrameworks/Windows 8.xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile6/SupportedFrameworks/Windows Store apps (Windows 8).xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile6/System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile6/System.Core.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile6/System.Net.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile6/System.Runtime.Serialization.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile6/System.ServiceModel.Web.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile6/System.ServiceModel.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile6/System.Xml.Linq.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile6/System.Xml.Serialization.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile6/System.Xml.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile6/System.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile6/mscorlib.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile92/RedistList/FrameworkList.xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile92/SupportedFrameworks/.NET Framework 4.xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile92/SupportedFrameworks/Windows 8.xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile92/SupportedFrameworks/Windows Phone 8.1.xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile92/System.Core.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile92/System.Net.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile92/System.Runtime.Serialization.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile92/System.ServiceModel.Web.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile92/System.Xml.Serialization.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile92/System.Xml.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile92/System.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/Profile/Profile92/mscorlib.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/RedistList/FrameworkList.xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/System.ComponentModel.Composition.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/System.Core.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/System.Net.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/System.Numerics.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/System.Runtime.Serialization.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/System.ServiceModel.Web.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/System.ServiceModel.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/System.Windows.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/System.Xml.Linq.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/System.Xml.Serialization.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/System.Xml.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/System.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.0/mscorlib.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Microsoft.CSharp.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Microsoft.VisualBasic.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile111/Microsoft.CSharp.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile111/Microsoft.VisualBasic.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile111/RedistList/FrameworkList.xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile111/SupportedFrameworks/.NET Framework 4.5.xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile111/SupportedFrameworks/Windows 8.xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile111/SupportedFrameworks/Windows Phone 8.1.xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile111/System.Collections.Concurrent.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile111/System.Collections.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile111/System.ComponentModel.EventBasedAsync.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile111/System.ComponentModel.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile111/System.Core.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile111/System.Diagnostics.Contracts.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile111/System.Diagnostics.Debug.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile111/System.Diagnostics.Tools.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile111/System.Diagnostics.Tracing.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile111/System.Dynamic.Runtime.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile111/System.Globalization.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile111/System.IO.Compression.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile111/System.IO.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile111/System.Linq.Expressions.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile111/System.Linq.Parallel.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile111/System.Linq.Queryable.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile111/System.Linq.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile111/System.Net.Http.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile111/System.Net.NetworkInformation.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile111/System.Net.Primitives.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile111/System.Net.Requests.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile111/System.Net.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile111/System.Numerics.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile111/System.ObjectModel.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile111/System.Reflection.Extensions.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile111/System.Reflection.Primitives.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile111/System.Reflection.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile111/System.Resources.ResourceManager.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile111/System.Runtime.Extensions.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile111/System.Runtime.InteropServices.WindowsRuntime.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile111/System.Runtime.InteropServices.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile111/System.Runtime.Numerics.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile111/System.Runtime.Serialization.Json.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile111/System.Runtime.Serialization.Primitives.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile111/System.Runtime.Serialization.Xml.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile111/System.Runtime.Serialization.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile111/System.Runtime.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile111/System.Security.Principal.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile111/System.ServiceModel.Web.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile111/System.Text.Encoding.Extensions.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile111/System.Text.Encoding.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile111/System.Text.RegularExpressions.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile111/System.Threading.Tasks.Parallel.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile111/System.Threading.Tasks.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile111/System.Threading.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile111/System.Windows.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile111/System.Xml.Linq.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile111/System.Xml.ReaderWriter.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile111/System.Xml.Serialization.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile111/System.Xml.XDocument.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile111/System.Xml.XmlSerializer.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile111/System.Xml.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile111/System.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile111/mscorlib.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile259/Microsoft.CSharp.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile259/RedistList/FrameworkList.xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile259/SupportedFrameworks/.NET Framework 4.5.xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile259/SupportedFrameworks/Windows 8.xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile259/SupportedFrameworks/Windows Phone 8.1.xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile259/SupportedFrameworks/Windows Phone Silverlight 8.xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile259/System.Collections.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile259/System.ComponentModel.EventBasedAsync.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile259/System.ComponentModel.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile259/System.Core.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile259/System.Diagnostics.Contracts.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile259/System.Diagnostics.Debug.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile259/System.Diagnostics.Tools.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile259/System.Dynamic.Runtime.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile259/System.Globalization.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile259/System.IO.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile259/System.Linq.Expressions.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile259/System.Linq.Queryable.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile259/System.Linq.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile259/System.Net.NetworkInformation.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile259/System.Net.Primitives.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile259/System.Net.Requests.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile259/System.Net.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile259/System.ObjectModel.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile259/System.Reflection.Extensions.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile259/System.Reflection.Primitives.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile259/System.Reflection.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile259/System.Resources.ResourceManager.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile259/System.Runtime.Extensions.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile259/System.Runtime.InteropServices.WindowsRuntime.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile259/System.Runtime.Serialization.Json.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile259/System.Runtime.Serialization.Primitives.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile259/System.Runtime.Serialization.Xml.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile259/System.Runtime.Serialization.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile259/System.Runtime.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile259/System.Security.Principal.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile259/System.ServiceModel.Web.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile259/System.Text.Encoding.Extensions.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile259/System.Text.Encoding.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile259/System.Text.RegularExpressions.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile259/System.Threading.Tasks.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile259/System.Threading.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile259/System.Windows.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile259/System.Xml.Linq.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile259/System.Xml.ReaderWriter.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile259/System.Xml.Serialization.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile259/System.Xml.XDocument.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile259/System.Xml.XmlSerializer.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile259/System.Xml.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile259/System.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile259/mscorlib.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile49/GlobalDTARSettings.proj
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile49/Microsoft.CSharp.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile49/RedistList/FrameworkList.xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile49/SupportedFrameworks/.NET Framework 4.5.xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile49/SupportedFrameworks/Windows Phone 8.xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile49/SupportedFrameworks/Windows Phone Silverlight 8.xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile49/System.Collections.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile49/System.ComponentModel.EventBasedAsync.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile49/System.ComponentModel.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile49/System.Core.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile49/System.Diagnostics.Contracts.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile49/System.Diagnostics.Debug.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile49/System.Diagnostics.Tools.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile49/System.Dynamic.Runtime.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile49/System.Globalization.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile49/System.IO.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile49/System.Linq.Expressions.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile49/System.Linq.Queryable.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile49/System.Linq.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile49/System.Net.NetworkInformation.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile49/System.Net.Primitives.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile49/System.Net.Requests.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile49/System.Net.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile49/System.ObjectModel.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile49/System.Reflection.Emit.ILGeneration.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile49/System.Reflection.Emit.Lightweight.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile49/System.Reflection.Extensions.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile49/System.Reflection.Primitives.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile49/System.Reflection.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile49/System.Resources.ResourceManager.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile49/System.Runtime.Extensions.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile49/System.Runtime.InteropServices.WindowsRuntime.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile49/System.Runtime.Serialization.Json.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile49/System.Runtime.Serialization.Primitives.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile49/System.Runtime.Serialization.Xml.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile49/System.Runtime.Serialization.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile49/System.Runtime.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile49/System.Security.Principal.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile49/System.ServiceModel.Http.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile49/System.ServiceModel.Primitives.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile49/System.ServiceModel.Security.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile49/System.ServiceModel.Web.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile49/System.ServiceModel.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile49/System.Text.Encoding.Extensions.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile49/System.Text.Encoding.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile49/System.Text.RegularExpressions.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile49/System.Threading.Tasks.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile49/System.Threading.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile49/System.Windows.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile49/System.Xml.Linq.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile49/System.Xml.ReaderWriter.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile49/System.Xml.Serialization.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile49/System.Xml.XDocument.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile49/System.Xml.XmlSerializer.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile49/System.Xml.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile49/System.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile49/mscorlib.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile7/GlobalDTARSettings.proj
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile7/Microsoft.CSharp.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile7/Microsoft.VisualBasic.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile7/RedistList/FrameworkList.xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile7/SupportedFrameworks/.NET Framework 4.5.xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile7/SupportedFrameworks/Windows 8.xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile7/SupportedFrameworks/Windows Store apps (Windows 8).xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile7/System.Collections.Concurrent.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile7/System.Collections.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile7/System.ComponentModel.Annotations.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile7/System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile7/System.ComponentModel.EventBasedAsync.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile7/System.ComponentModel.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile7/System.Core.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile7/System.Diagnostics.Contracts.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile7/System.Diagnostics.Debug.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile7/System.Diagnostics.Tools.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile7/System.Diagnostics.Tracing.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile7/System.Dynamic.Runtime.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile7/System.Globalization.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile7/System.IO.Compression.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile7/System.IO.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile7/System.Linq.Expressions.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile7/System.Linq.Parallel.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile7/System.Linq.Queryable.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile7/System.Linq.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile7/System.Net.Http.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile7/System.Net.NetworkInformation.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile7/System.Net.Primitives.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile7/System.Net.Requests.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile7/System.Net.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile7/System.Numerics.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile7/System.ObjectModel.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile7/System.Reflection.Context.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile7/System.Reflection.Extensions.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile7/System.Reflection.Primitives.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile7/System.Reflection.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile7/System.Resources.ResourceManager.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile7/System.Runtime.Extensions.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile7/System.Runtime.InteropServices.WindowsRuntime.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile7/System.Runtime.InteropServices.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile7/System.Runtime.Numerics.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile7/System.Runtime.Serialization.Json.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile7/System.Runtime.Serialization.Primitives.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile7/System.Runtime.Serialization.Xml.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile7/System.Runtime.Serialization.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile7/System.Runtime.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile7/System.Security.Principal.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile7/System.ServiceModel.Duplex.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile7/System.ServiceModel.Http.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile7/System.ServiceModel.NetTcp.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile7/System.ServiceModel.Primitives.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile7/System.ServiceModel.Security.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile7/System.ServiceModel.Web.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile7/System.ServiceModel.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile7/System.Text.Encoding.Extensions.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile7/System.Text.Encoding.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile7/System.Text.RegularExpressions.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile7/System.Threading.Tasks.Parallel.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile7/System.Threading.Tasks.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile7/System.Threading.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile7/System.Windows.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile7/System.Xml.Linq.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile7/System.Xml.ReaderWriter.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile7/System.Xml.Serialization.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile7/System.Xml.XDocument.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile7/System.Xml.XmlSerializer.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile7/System.Xml.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile7/System.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile7/mscorlib.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile78/GlobalDTARSettings.proj
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile78/Microsoft.CSharp.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile78/RedistList/FrameworkList.xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile78/SupportedFrameworks/.NET Framework 4.5.xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile78/SupportedFrameworks/Windows 8.xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile78/SupportedFrameworks/Windows Phone 8.xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile78/SupportedFrameworks/Windows Phone Silverlight 8.xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile78/SupportedFrameworks/Windows Store apps (Windows 8).xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile78/System.Collections.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile78/System.ComponentModel.EventBasedAsync.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile78/System.ComponentModel.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile78/System.Core.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile78/System.Diagnostics.Contracts.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile78/System.Diagnostics.Debug.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile78/System.Diagnostics.Tools.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile78/System.Dynamic.Runtime.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile78/System.Globalization.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile78/System.IO.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile78/System.Linq.Expressions.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile78/System.Linq.Queryable.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile78/System.Linq.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile78/System.Net.NetworkInformation.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile78/System.Net.Primitives.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile78/System.Net.Requests.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile78/System.Net.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile78/System.ObjectModel.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile78/System.Reflection.Extensions.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile78/System.Reflection.Primitives.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile78/System.Reflection.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile78/System.Resources.ResourceManager.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile78/System.Runtime.Extensions.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile78/System.Runtime.InteropServices.WindowsRuntime.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile78/System.Runtime.Serialization.Json.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile78/System.Runtime.Serialization.Primitives.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile78/System.Runtime.Serialization.Xml.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile78/System.Runtime.Serialization.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile78/System.Runtime.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile78/System.Security.Principal.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile78/System.ServiceModel.Http.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile78/System.ServiceModel.Primitives.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile78/System.ServiceModel.Security.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile78/System.ServiceModel.Web.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile78/System.ServiceModel.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile78/System.Text.Encoding.Extensions.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile78/System.Text.Encoding.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile78/System.Text.RegularExpressions.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile78/System.Threading.Tasks.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile78/System.Threading.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile78/System.Windows.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile78/System.Xml.Linq.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile78/System.Xml.ReaderWriter.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile78/System.Xml.Serialization.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile78/System.Xml.XDocument.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile78/System.Xml.XmlSerializer.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile78/System.Xml.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile78/System.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/Profile/Profile78/mscorlib.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/RedistList/FrameworkList.xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/System.Collections.Concurrent.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/System.Collections.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/System.ComponentModel.Annotations.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/System.ComponentModel.EventBasedAsync.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/System.ComponentModel.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/System.Core.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/System.Diagnostics.Contracts.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/System.Diagnostics.Debug.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/System.Diagnostics.Tools.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/System.Diagnostics.Tracing.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/System.Dynamic.Runtime.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/System.Globalization.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/System.IO.Compression.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/System.IO.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/System.Linq.Expressions.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/System.Linq.Parallel.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/System.Linq.Queryable.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/System.Linq.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/System.Net.Http.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/System.Net.NetworkInformation.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/System.Net.Primitives.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/System.Net.Requests.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/System.Net.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/System.Numerics.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/System.ObjectModel.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/System.Reflection.Context.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/System.Reflection.Emit.ILGeneration.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/System.Reflection.Emit.Lightweight.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/System.Reflection.Extensions.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/System.Reflection.Primitives.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/System.Reflection.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/System.Resources.ResourceManager.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/System.Runtime.Extensions.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/System.Runtime.InteropServices.WindowsRuntime.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/System.Runtime.InteropServices.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/System.Runtime.Numerics.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/System.Runtime.Serialization.Json.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/System.Runtime.Serialization.Primitives.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/System.Runtime.Serialization.Xml.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/System.Runtime.Serialization.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/System.Runtime.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/System.Security.Principal.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/System.ServiceModel.Duplex.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/System.ServiceModel.Http.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/System.ServiceModel.NetTcp.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/System.ServiceModel.Primitives.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/System.ServiceModel.Security.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/System.ServiceModel.Web.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/System.ServiceModel.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/System.Text.Encoding.Extensions.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/System.Text.Encoding.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/System.Text.RegularExpressions.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/System.Threading.Tasks.Parallel.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/System.Threading.Tasks.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/System.Threading.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/System.Windows.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/System.Xml.Linq.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/System.Xml.ReaderWriter.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/System.Xml.Serialization.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/System.Xml.XDocument.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/System.Xml.XmlSerializer.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/System.Xml.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/System.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.5/mscorlib.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Microsoft.CSharp.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Microsoft.VisualBasic.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile151/Microsoft.CSharp.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile151/Microsoft.VisualBasic.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile151/RedistList/FrameworkList.xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile151/SupportedFrameworks/.NET Framework 4.5.1.xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile151/SupportedFrameworks/Windows 8.1.xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile151/SupportedFrameworks/Windows Phone 8.1.xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile151/System.Collections.Concurrent.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile151/System.Collections.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile151/System.ComponentModel.EventBasedAsync.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile151/System.ComponentModel.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile151/System.Core.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile151/System.Diagnostics.Contracts.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile151/System.Diagnostics.Debug.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile151/System.Diagnostics.Tools.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile151/System.Diagnostics.Tracing.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile151/System.Dynamic.Runtime.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile151/System.Globalization.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile151/System.IO.Compression.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile151/System.IO.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile151/System.Linq.Expressions.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile151/System.Linq.Parallel.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile151/System.Linq.Queryable.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile151/System.Linq.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile151/System.Net.Http.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile151/System.Net.NetworkInformation.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile151/System.Net.Primitives.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile151/System.Net.Requests.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile151/System.Net.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile151/System.Numerics.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile151/System.ObjectModel.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile151/System.Reflection.Extensions.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile151/System.Reflection.Primitives.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile151/System.Reflection.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile151/System.Resources.ResourceManager.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile151/System.Runtime.Extensions.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile151/System.Runtime.InteropServices.WindowsRuntime.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile151/System.Runtime.InteropServices.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile151/System.Runtime.Numerics.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile151/System.Runtime.Serialization.Json.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile151/System.Runtime.Serialization.Primitives.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile151/System.Runtime.Serialization.Xml.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile151/System.Runtime.Serialization.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile151/System.Runtime.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile151/System.Security.Principal.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile151/System.ServiceModel.Web.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile151/System.Text.Encoding.Extensions.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile151/System.Text.Encoding.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile151/System.Text.RegularExpressions.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile151/System.Threading.Tasks.Parallel.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile151/System.Threading.Tasks.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile151/System.Threading.Timer.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile151/System.Threading.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile151/System.Windows.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile151/System.Xml.Linq.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile151/System.Xml.ReaderWriter.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile151/System.Xml.Serialization.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile151/System.Xml.XDocument.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile151/System.Xml.XmlSerializer.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile151/System.Xml.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile151/System.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile151/mscorlib.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile44/GlobalDTARSettings.proj
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile44/Microsoft.CSharp.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile44/Microsoft.VisualBasic.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile44/RedistList/FrameworkList.xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile44/SupportedFrameworks/.NET Framework 4.5.1.xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile44/SupportedFrameworks/Windows 8.1.xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile44/SupportedFrameworks/Windows Store apps (Windows 8.1).xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile44/System.Collections.Concurrent.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile44/System.Collections.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile44/System.ComponentModel.Annotations.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile44/System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile44/System.ComponentModel.EventBasedAsync.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile44/System.ComponentModel.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile44/System.Core.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile44/System.Diagnostics.Contracts.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile44/System.Diagnostics.Debug.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile44/System.Diagnostics.Tools.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile44/System.Diagnostics.Tracing.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile44/System.Dynamic.Runtime.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile44/System.Globalization.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile44/System.IO.Compression.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile44/System.IO.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile44/System.Linq.Expressions.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile44/System.Linq.Parallel.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile44/System.Linq.Queryable.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile44/System.Linq.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile44/System.Net.Http.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile44/System.Net.NetworkInformation.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile44/System.Net.Primitives.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile44/System.Net.Requests.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile44/System.Net.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile44/System.Numerics.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile44/System.ObjectModel.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile44/System.Reflection.Context.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile44/System.Reflection.Extensions.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile44/System.Reflection.Primitives.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile44/System.Reflection.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile44/System.Resources.ResourceManager.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile44/System.Runtime.Extensions.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile44/System.Runtime.InteropServices.WindowsRuntime.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile44/System.Runtime.InteropServices.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile44/System.Runtime.Numerics.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile44/System.Runtime.Serialization.Json.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile44/System.Runtime.Serialization.Primitives.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile44/System.Runtime.Serialization.Xml.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile44/System.Runtime.Serialization.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile44/System.Runtime.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile44/System.Security.Principal.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile44/System.ServiceModel.Duplex.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile44/System.ServiceModel.Http.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile44/System.ServiceModel.NetTcp.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile44/System.ServiceModel.Primitives.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile44/System.ServiceModel.Security.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile44/System.ServiceModel.Web.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile44/System.ServiceModel.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile44/System.Text.Encoding.Extensions.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile44/System.Text.Encoding.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile44/System.Text.RegularExpressions.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile44/System.Threading.Tasks.Parallel.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile44/System.Threading.Tasks.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile44/System.Threading.Timer.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile44/System.Threading.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile44/System.Windows.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile44/System.Xml.Linq.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile44/System.Xml.ReaderWriter.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile44/System.Xml.Serialization.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile44/System.Xml.XDocument.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile44/System.Xml.XmlSerializer.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile44/System.Xml.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile44/System.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/Profile/Profile44/mscorlib.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/RedistList/FrameworkList.xml
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/System.Collections.Concurrent.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/System.Collections.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/System.ComponentModel.Annotations.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/System.ComponentModel.DataAnnotations.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/System.ComponentModel.EventBasedAsync.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/System.ComponentModel.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/System.Core.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/System.Diagnostics.Contracts.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/System.Diagnostics.Debug.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/System.Diagnostics.Tools.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/System.Diagnostics.Tracing.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/System.Dynamic.Runtime.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/System.Globalization.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/System.IO.Compression.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/System.IO.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/System.Linq.Expressions.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/System.Linq.Parallel.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/System.Linq.Queryable.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/System.Linq.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/System.Net.Http.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/System.Net.NetworkInformation.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/System.Net.Primitives.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/System.Net.Requests.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/System.Net.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/System.Numerics.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/System.ObjectModel.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/System.Reflection.Context.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/System.Reflection.Extensions.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/System.Reflection.Primitives.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/System.Reflection.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/System.Resources.ResourceManager.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/System.Runtime.Extensions.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/System.Runtime.InteropServices.WindowsRuntime.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/System.Runtime.InteropServices.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/System.Runtime.Numerics.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/System.Runtime.Serialization.Json.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/System.Runtime.Serialization.Primitives.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/System.Runtime.Serialization.Xml.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/System.Runtime.Serialization.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/System.Runtime.WindowsRuntime.UI.Xaml.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/System.Runtime.WindowsRuntime.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/System.Runtime.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/System.Security.Principal.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/System.ServiceModel.Duplex.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/System.ServiceModel.Http.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/System.ServiceModel.NetTcp.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/System.ServiceModel.Primitives.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/System.ServiceModel.Security.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/System.ServiceModel.Web.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/System.ServiceModel.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/System.Text.Encoding.Extensions.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/System.Text.Encoding.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/System.Text.RegularExpressions.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/System.Threading.Tasks.Parallel.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/System.Threading.Tasks.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/System.Threading.Timer.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/System.Threading.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/System.Windows.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/System.Xml.Linq.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/System.Xml.ReaderWriter.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/System.Xml.Serialization.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/System.Xml.XDocument.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/System.Xml.XmlSerializer.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/System.Xml.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/System.dll
lib/mono/xbuild-frameworks/.NETPortable/v4.6/mscorlib.dll
