share/libretro/assets/Automatic/README.md
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/backgrounds/automatic_4kuhd.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/backgrounds/automatic_8kuhd.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/backgrounds/automatic_fhd.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/backgrounds/automatic_sd.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/common/sample.txt
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/glui/sample.txt
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/ozone/sample.txt
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/1292 Advanced Programmable Video System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/1292 Advanced Programmable Video System.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/2048-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/2048.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/ACT - Apricot PC Xi-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/ACT - Apricot PC Xi.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/APF - Imagination Machine-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/APF - Imagination Machine.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/APF - MP-1000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/APF - MP-1000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Acorn - Archimedes-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Acorn - Archimedes.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Acorn - Atom-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Acorn - Atom.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Acorn - BBC Micro-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Acorn - BBC Micro.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Amazon - Fire TV (2nd Gen).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Amazon - Fire TV (3rd Gen).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Amazon - Fire TV Cube.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Amazon - Fire TV-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Amazon - Fire TV.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Amazon - Luna-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Amazon - Luna.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Amstrad - CPC-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Amstrad - CPC.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Amstrad - GX4000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Amstrad - GX4000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Apple - I-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Apple - I.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Apple - II Plus-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Apple - II Plus.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Apple - II-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Apple - II.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Apple - IIe-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Apple - IIe.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Apple - Macintosh-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Apple - Macintosh.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Apple-Bandai - Pippin-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Apple-Bandai - Pippin.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Atari - 2600 637.75000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Atari - 2600 CX2600A.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Atari - 2600 CX2600JR.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Atari - 2600 CX2700.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Atari - 2600 Flashback 2.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Atari - 2600 Flashback.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Atari - 2600-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Atari - 2600.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Atari - 5200-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Atari - 5200.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Atari - 7800-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Atari - 7800.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Atari - 8-bit-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Atari - 8-bit.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Atari - Jaguar CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Atari - Jaguar CD.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Atari - Jaguar-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Atari - Jaguar.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Atari - Lynx PAG-0401.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Atari - Lynx-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Atari - Lynx.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Atari - Pong C-140.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Atari - Pong C-200.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Atari - Pong-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Atari - Pong.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Atari - ST (Tapes)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Atari - ST (Tapes).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Atari - ST-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Atari - ST.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Atari - VCS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Atari - VCS.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Atari - XEGS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Atari - XEGS.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/BBC - Bridge Companion-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Bally - Astrocade-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Bally - Astrocade.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Bandai - Playdia-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Bandai - Playdia.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Bandai - Super Vision 8000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Bandai - Super Vision 8000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Bandai - WonderSwan Color WSC-001.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Bandai - WonderSwan Color-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Bandai - WonderSwan Color.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Bandai - WonderSwan-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Bandai - WonderSwan.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Benesse - Pocket Challenge V2-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Benesse - Pocket Challenge V2.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Benesse - Pocket Challenge W-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Benesse - Pocket Challenge W.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Bit Corporation - Gamate-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Bit Corporation - Gamate.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/CHIP-8-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/CHIP-8.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Cannonball-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Cannonball.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Capcom - CP System I-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Capcom - CP System I.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Capcom - CP System II-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Capcom - CP System II.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Capcom - CP System III CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Capcom - CP System III-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Capcom - CP System III-content_combo.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Capcom - CP System III-content_mobo.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Capcom - CP System III.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Casio - Loopy-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Casio - Loopy.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Casio - PV-1000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Casio - PV-1000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Cave Story-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Cave Story.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/ChaiLove-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/ChaiLove.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Coleco - ColecoVision ADAM-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Coleco - ColecoVision ADAM.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Coleco - ColecoVision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Coleco - ColecoVision.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Coleco - Telstar 6030.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Coleco - Telstar 6040.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Coleco - Telstar 6045.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Coleco - Telstar 6065.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Coleco - Telstar 6071.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Coleco - Telstar 6135.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Commodore - 64 (PP)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Commodore - 64 (PP).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Commodore - 64 (Tapes)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Commodore - 64 (Tapes).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Commodore - 64 64C.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Commodore - 64 Games System.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Commodore - 64-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Commodore - 64.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Commodore - Amiga-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Commodore - Amiga.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Commodore - CD32-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Commodore - CD32.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Commodore - CDTV-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Commodore - CDTV.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Commodore - Plus-4-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Commodore - Plus-4.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Commodore - VIC-20-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Commodore - VIC-20.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/DOOM-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/DOOM.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/DOS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/DOS.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Dinothawr-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Dinothawr.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Dungeon Crawl Stone Soup-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Dungeon Crawl Stone Soup.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Emerson - Arcadia 2001-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Emerson - Arcadia 2001.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Entex - Adventure Vision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Entex - Adventure Vision.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Entex - Select-A-Game-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Entex - Select-A-Game.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Epoch - Cassette Vision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Epoch - Cassette Vision.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Epoch - Game Pocket Computer-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Epoch - Game Pocket Computer.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Epoch - Super Cassette Vision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Epoch - Super Cassette Vision.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Epoch - TV Tennis Electrotennis-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Epoch - TV Tennis Electrotennis.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/FBNeo - Arcade Games-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/FBNeo - Arcade Games.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/FFmpeg-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/FFmpeg.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Fairchild - Channel F System II.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Fairchild - Channel F-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Fairchild - Channel F.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Flashback-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Flashback.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Fujitsu - FM Towns Marty-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Fujitsu - FM Towns Marty.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Fukutake Publishing - StudyBox-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Fukutake Publishing - StudyBox.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Funtech - Super Acan-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Funtech - Super Acan.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/GCE - Vectrex-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/GCE - Vectrex.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Gakken - Compact Vision TV Boy-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Gakken - Compact Vision TV Boy.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Game-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Game.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/GamePark - GP32-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/GamePark - GP32.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Google - Nexus Player-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Google - Nexus Player.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Google - Stadia-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Google - Stadia.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Handheld Electronic Game-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Handheld Electronic Game.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Hartung - Game Master-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Hartung - Game Master.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Interton - VC 4000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Interton - VC 4000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Interton - Video 2000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Interton - Video 2000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Konami - Picno-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Konami - Picno.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/LeapFrog - LeapPad-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/LeapFrog - LeapPad.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/LeapFrog - Leapster Learning Game System 1.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/LeapFrog - Leapster Learning Game System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/LeapFrog - Leapster Learning Game System.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/LeapFrog - My First LeapPad-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/LeapFrog - My First LeapPad.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Libretro - Pad.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Lutro-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Lutro.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/MAME 2000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/MAME 2000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/MAME 2003-Plus-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/MAME 2003-Plus.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/MAME 2003-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/MAME 2003.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/MAME 2010-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/MAME 2010.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/MAME 2015-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/MAME 2015.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/MAME 2016-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/MAME 2016.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/MAME-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/MAME.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Magnavox - Odyssey 100.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Magnavox - Odyssey 200.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Magnavox - Odyssey 2000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Magnavox - Odyssey 2001.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Magnavox - Odyssey 2100.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Magnavox - Odyssey 300.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Magnavox - Odyssey 3000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Magnavox - Odyssey 400.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Magnavox - Odyssey 4000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Magnavox - Odyssey 500.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Magnavox - Odyssey-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Magnavox - Odyssey.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Magnavox - Odyssey2-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Magnavox - Odyssey2.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Mattel - HyperScan Alt.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Mattel - HyperScan-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Mattel - HyperScan.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Mattel - Intellivision 49-75011.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Mattel - Intellivision 5872.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Mattel - Intellivision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Mattel - Intellivision.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Microsoft - MSX-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Microsoft - MSX.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Microsoft - MSX2-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Microsoft - MSX2.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Microsoft - Xbox 360 (Digital)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Microsoft - Xbox 360 (Digital).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Microsoft - Xbox 360 E T.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Microsoft - Xbox 360 E.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Microsoft - Xbox 360 S T.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Microsoft - Xbox 360 S.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Microsoft - Xbox 360 T.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Microsoft - Xbox 360-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Microsoft - Xbox 360.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Microsoft - Xbox One S T.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Microsoft - Xbox One S.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Microsoft - Xbox One X K.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Microsoft - Xbox One-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Microsoft - Xbox One.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Microsoft - Xbox Series X-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Microsoft - Xbox Series X.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Microsoft - Xbox-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Microsoft - Xbox.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Milton Bradley - Microvision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Milton Bradley - Microvision.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Minecraft-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Minecraft.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/MrBoom-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/MrBoom.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16 HES-EXP-01 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16 HES-TGX-01 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16 PI-TG2 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16 PI-TG3 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16 PI-TG7 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16 PI-TG9 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD CDR-30 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD HES-CDR-01 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD HES-DUO-01 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD PI-CD1 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/NEC - PC Engine SuperGrafx-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/NEC - PC Engine SuperGrafx.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/NEC - PC-98-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/NEC - PC-98.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/NEC - PC-FX-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/NEC - PC-FX.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Neo Geo-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Neo Geo.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Color TV-Game CTG-15V.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Color TV-Game CTG-6.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Color TV-Game CTG-BK6.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Color TV-Game CTG-CR112.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Color TV-Game CTG-HC10.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Family Computer Disk System AN500.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Family Computer Disk System AN505.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Family Computer Disk System HVC-101.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Family Computer Disk System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Family Computer Disk System.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance (e-Reader)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance (e-Reader).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGS-001.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance OXY-001.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Game Boy Color-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Game Boy Color.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Game Boy MGB-001.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Game Boy-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Game Boy.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - GameCube SL-GC10.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - GameCube-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - GameCube.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS JAN-001.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS KTR-001.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (DLC)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (DLC).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (Digital)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (Digital).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS CTR-001.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS FTR-001.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Nintendo 64-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Nintendo 64.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Nintendo 64DD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Nintendo 64DD.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Nintendo DS (Download Play)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Nintendo DS (Download Play).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Nintendo DS Decrypted-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Nintendo DS Decrypted.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Nintendo DS NTR-001.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Nintendo DS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Nintendo DS.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi (DLC)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi (DLC).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi Decrypted-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi Decrypted.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi TWL-001.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System HVC-001.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System HVC-101.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System NES-101.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System-content (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Pokemon Mini-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Pokemon Mini.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Satellaview-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Satellaview.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Sufami Turbo SHVC-101.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Sufami Turbo SNS-001.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Sufami Turbo SNS-101.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Sufami Turbo-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Sufami Turbo.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System SHVC-101.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System SNS-001.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System SNS-101.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System SNSP-001.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System-content (1) (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System-content (2) (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System-content (E).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Switch HAC-001.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Switch HAC-007.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Switch HDH-001.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Switch-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Switch.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Virtual Boy-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Virtual Boy.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Wii (Digital)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Wii (Digital).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Wii RVL-001 T.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Wii RVL-201.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Wii U WUP-001 T.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Wii U-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Wii U.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Wii-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Wii.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - e-Reader-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - e-Reader.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Nokia - N-Gage QD.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Nokia - N-Gage-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Nokia - N-Gage.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Nvidia - Shield TV.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Ouya - Ouya.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Philips - CD-i-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Philips - CD-i.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Philips - Videopac+-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Philips - Videopac+.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/PlayJam - Game Stick.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Quake II-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Quake II.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Quake III-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Quake III.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Quake-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Quake.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/RCA - Studio II-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/RCA - Studio II.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/RPG Maker-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/RPG Maker.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Rick Dangerous-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Rick Dangerous.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/SNK - Neo Geo CD Tray.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/SNK - Neo Geo CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/SNK - Neo Geo CD.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/SNK - Neo Geo CDZ.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/SNK - Neo Geo Mini.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket Color.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/SNK - Neo Geo X-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/SNK - Neo Geo X.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/SNK - Neo Geo-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/SNK - Neo Geo.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/SSD - Xavixport-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/SSD - Xavixport.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/ScummVM-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/ScummVM.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Sega - 32X MK-1601-84000 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Sega - 32X Neptune (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Sega - 32X-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Sega - 32X.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Sega - Dreamcast-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Sega - Dreamcast.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Sega - Game Gear-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Sega - Game Gear.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Sega - Master System - Mark III MK-3006.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Sega - Master System - Mark III SG-1000M3 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Sega - Master System - Mark III-content (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Sega - Master System - Mark III-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Sega - Master System - Mark III.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis HAA-2502 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis HAA-2510 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis HMJ-0300 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis MK-1461 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis MK-1631 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis MK-6100 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis-content (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD HAA-2502-2912 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD HAA-2510-2910 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD HAA-2510-2912 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD MK-1601-1690 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD MK-1601-4102 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD MK-1631-4102 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD RG-M1 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD RG-M2 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Sega - PICO-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Sega - PICO.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Sega - SG-1000 II.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Sega - SG-1000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Sega - SG-1000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Sega - Saturn HST-3200 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Sega - Saturn Pluto (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Sega - Saturn-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Sega - Saturn.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Sharp - X68000 T.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Sharp - X68000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Sharp - X68000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Sinclair - ZX 81-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Sinclair - ZX 81.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Sinclair - ZX Spectrum +3-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Sinclair - ZX Spectrum +3.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Sinclair - ZX Spectrum-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Sinclair - ZX Spectrum.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation 2 PSX-5000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation 2 SCPH-10000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation 2 SCPH-70000 T.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation 2 SCPH-70000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation 2 SCPH-90000 T.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation 2 SCPH-90000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation 2-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation 2.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation 3 (DLC)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation 3 (DLC).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation 3 (Downloadable)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation 3 (Downloadable).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation 3 (PSN)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation 3 (PSN).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation 3-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation 4 CUH-1000 T.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation 4 CUH-2000 T.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation 4 CUH-2000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation 4 CUH-7000 T.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation 4 CUH-7000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation 4-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation 4.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation Portable (DLC)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation Portable (DLC).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation Portable (PSN)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation Portable (PSN).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation Portable (PSX2PSP)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation Portable (PSX2PSP).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation Portable (UMD Music)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation Portable (UMD Music).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation Portable (UMD Video)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation Portable (UMD Video).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation Portable PSP-E1000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation Portable PSP-N1000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation Portable-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation Portable.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation SCPH-100-131 Flat.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation SCPH-100-131.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation SCPH-100.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation Vita PCH-2000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation Vita VTE-1000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation Vita-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation Vita.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Sony - Playstation 3 CECH-2000 T.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Sony - Playstation 3 CECH-2000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Sony - Playstation 3 CECH-4000 T.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Sony - Playstation 3 CECH-4000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Sony - Playstation 3 CECHA00 KT.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Sony - Playstation 3.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Spectravideo - SV 328.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Spectravideo - SVI-318 - SVI-328-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Spectravideo - SVI-318 - SVI-328.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/TIC-80-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/TIC-80.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Tapwave - Zodiac-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Tapwave - Zodiac.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/The 3DO Company - 3DO FZ-10.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/The 3DO Company - 3DO GDO-101.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/The 3DO Company - 3DO GDO-203P.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/The 3DO Company - 3DO IMP-21J.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/The 3DO Company - 3DO-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/The 3DO Company - 3DO.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Thomson - MOTO Cartridge.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Thomson - MOTO TO8.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Thomson - MOTO-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Thomson - MOTO.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Tiger - Game.com-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Tiger - Game.com.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Tiger - Gizmondo-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Tiger - Gizmondo.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Tomb Raider-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Tomb Raider.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Umtech - VideoBrain-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Umtech - VideoBrain.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Uzebox-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Uzebox.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/VTech - CreatiVision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/VTech - CreatiVision.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/VTech - Socrates Alt.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/VTech - Socrates-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/VTech - Socrates.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/VTech - V.Flash-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/VTech - V.Flash.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/VTech - V.Smile-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/VTech - V.Smile.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Valve - Steam Link.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Watara - Supervision Original.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Watara - Supervision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Watara - Supervision.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/ZAPiT - Game Wave-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/ZAPiT - Game Wave.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/Zeebo - Zeebo.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/achievement-list.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/add-favorite.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/add.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/arrow.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/battery-20.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/battery-40.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/battery-60.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/battery-80.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/battery-charging.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/battery-full.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/bluetooth.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/clock.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/close.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/core-cheat-options.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/core-disk-options.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/core-infos.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/core-input-remapping-options.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/core-options.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/core-shader-options.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/core.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/cursor.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/database.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/default-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/default.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/dialog-slice.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/favorites-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/favorites.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/file.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/folder.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/history.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/iQue - iQue-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/iQue - iQue.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/image.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/images.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/input_ADC.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/input_BIND_ALL.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/input_BTN-D.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/input_BTN-L.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/input_BTN-R.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/input_BTN-U.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/input_DPAD-D.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/input_DPAD-L.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/input_DPAD-R.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/input_DPAD-U.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/input_LB.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/input_LGUN.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/input_LT.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/input_MOUSE.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/input_RB.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/input_RT.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/input_SELECT.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/input_START.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/input_STCK-D.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/input_STCK-L.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/input_STCK-P.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/input_STCK-R.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/input_STCK-U.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/input_TURBO.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/key-hover.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/key.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/lakka.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/loadstate.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/menu_achievements.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/menu_add.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/menu_apply_cog.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/menu_apply_toggle.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/menu_audio.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/menu_brightness.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/menu_check.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/menu_drivers.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/menu_exit.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/menu_frameskip.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/menu_help.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/menu_hourglass.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/menu_info.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/menu_latency.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/menu_log.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/menu_mixer.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/menu_network.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/menu_notifications.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/menu_osd.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/menu_overlay.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/menu_override.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/menu_pause.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/menu_playlist.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/menu_power.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/menu_privacy.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/menu_quickmenu.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/menu_record.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/menu_rewind.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/menu_room.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/menu_room_lan.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/menu_room_relay.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/menu_saving.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/menu_shutdown.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/menu_stream.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/menu_ui.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/menu_updater.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/menu_user.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/menu_video.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/menu_volume_max.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/menu_volume_med.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/menu_volume_min.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/menu_volume_mute.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/movie.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/movies.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/music.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/musics.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/netplay.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/off.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/on.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/pointer.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/reload.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/rename.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/resume.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/retroarch.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/run.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/savestate.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/screenshot.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/setting.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/settings.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/subsetting.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/undo.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/wifi.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/1024/zip.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/1292 Advanced Programmable Video System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/1292 Advanced Programmable Video System.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/2048-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/2048.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/ACT - Apricot PC Xi-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/ACT - Apricot PC Xi.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/APF - Imagination Machine-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/APF - Imagination Machine.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/APF - MP-1000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/APF - MP-1000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Acorn - Archimedes-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Acorn - Archimedes.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Acorn - Atom-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Acorn - Atom.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Acorn - BBC Micro-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Acorn - BBC Micro.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Amazon - Fire TV (2nd Gen).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Amazon - Fire TV (3rd Gen).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Amazon - Fire TV Cube.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Amazon - Fire TV-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Amazon - Fire TV.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Amazon - Luna-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Amazon - Luna.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Amstrad - CPC-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Amstrad - CPC.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Amstrad - GX4000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Amstrad - GX4000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Apple - I-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Apple - I.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Apple - II Plus-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Apple - II Plus.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Apple - II-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Apple - II.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Apple - IIe-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Apple - IIe.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Apple - Macintosh-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Apple - Macintosh.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Apple-Bandai - Pippin-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Apple-Bandai - Pippin.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Atari - 2600 637.75000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Atari - 2600 CX2600A.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Atari - 2600 CX2600JR.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Atari - 2600 CX2700.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Atari - 2600 Flashback 2.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Atari - 2600 Flashback.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Atari - 2600-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Atari - 2600.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Atari - 5200-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Atari - 5200.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Atari - 7800-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Atari - 7800.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Atari - 8-bit-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Atari - 8-bit.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Atari - Jaguar CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Atari - Jaguar CD.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Atari - Jaguar-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Atari - Jaguar.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Atari - Lynx PAG-0401.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Atari - Lynx-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Atari - Lynx.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Atari - Pong C-140.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Atari - Pong C-200.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Atari - Pong-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Atari - Pong.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Atari - ST (Tapes)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Atari - ST (Tapes).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Atari - ST-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Atari - ST.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Atari - VCS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Atari - VCS.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Atari - XEGS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Atari - XEGS.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/BBC - Bridge Companion-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Bally - Astrocade-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Bally - Astrocade.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Bandai - Playdia-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Bandai - Playdia.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Bandai - Super Vision 8000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Bandai - Super Vision 8000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Bandai - WonderSwan Color WSC-001.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Bandai - WonderSwan Color-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Bandai - WonderSwan Color.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Bandai - WonderSwan-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Bandai - WonderSwan.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Benesse - Pocket Challenge V2-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Benesse - Pocket Challenge V2.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Benesse - Pocket Challenge W-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Benesse - Pocket Challenge W.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Bit Corporation - Gamate-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Bit Corporation - Gamate.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/CHIP-8-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/CHIP-8.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Cannonball-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Cannonball.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Capcom - CP System I-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Capcom - CP System I.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Capcom - CP System II-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Capcom - CP System II.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Capcom - CP System III CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Capcom - CP System III-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Capcom - CP System III-content_combo.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Capcom - CP System III-content_mobo.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Capcom - CP System III.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Casio - Loopy-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Casio - Loopy.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Casio - PV-1000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Casio - PV-1000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Cave Story-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Cave Story.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/ChaiLove-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/ChaiLove.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Coleco - ColecoVision ADAM-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Coleco - ColecoVision ADAM.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Coleco - ColecoVision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Coleco - ColecoVision.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Coleco - Telstar 6030.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Coleco - Telstar 6040.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Coleco - Telstar 6045.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Coleco - Telstar 6065.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Coleco - Telstar 6071.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Coleco - Telstar 6135.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Commodore - 64 (PP)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Commodore - 64 (PP).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Commodore - 64 (Tapes)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Commodore - 64 (Tapes).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Commodore - 64 64C.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Commodore - 64 Games System.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Commodore - 64-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Commodore - 64.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Commodore - Amiga-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Commodore - Amiga.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Commodore - CD32-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Commodore - CD32.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Commodore - CDTV-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Commodore - CDTV.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Commodore - Plus-4-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Commodore - Plus-4.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Commodore - VIC-20-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Commodore - VIC-20.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/DOOM-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/DOOM.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/DOS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/DOS.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Dinothawr-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Dinothawr.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Dungeon Crawl Stone Soup-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Dungeon Crawl Stone Soup.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Emerson - Arcadia 2001-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Emerson - Arcadia 2001.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Entex - Adventure Vision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Entex - Adventure Vision.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Entex - Select-A-Game-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Entex - Select-A-Game.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Epoch - Cassette Vision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Epoch - Cassette Vision.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Epoch - Game Pocket Computer-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Epoch - Game Pocket Computer.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Epoch - Super Cassette Vision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Epoch - Super Cassette Vision.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Epoch - TV Tennis Electrotennis-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Epoch - TV Tennis Electrotennis.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/FBNeo - Arcade Games-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/FBNeo - Arcade Games.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/FFmpeg-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/FFmpeg.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Fairchild - Channel F System II.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Fairchild - Channel F-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Fairchild - Channel F.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Flashback-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Flashback.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Fujitsu - FM Towns Marty-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Fujitsu - FM Towns Marty.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Fukutake Publishing - StudyBox-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Fukutake Publishing - StudyBox.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Funtech - Super Acan-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Funtech - Super Acan.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/GCE - Vectrex-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/GCE - Vectrex.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Gakken - Compact Vision TV Boy-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Gakken - Compact Vision TV Boy.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Game-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Game.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/GamePark - GP32-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/GamePark - GP32.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Google - Nexus Player-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Google - Nexus Player.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Google - Stadia-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Google - Stadia.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Handheld Electronic Game-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Handheld Electronic Game.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Hartung - Game Master-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Hartung - Game Master.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Interton - VC 4000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Interton - VC 4000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Interton - Video 2000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Interton - Video 2000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Konami - Picno-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Konami - Picno.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/LeapFrog - LeapPad-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/LeapFrog - LeapPad.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/LeapFrog - Leapster Learning Game System 1.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/LeapFrog - Leapster Learning Game System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/LeapFrog - Leapster Learning Game System.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/LeapFrog - My First LeapPad-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/LeapFrog - My First LeapPad.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Libretro - Pad.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Lutro-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Lutro.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/MAME 2000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/MAME 2000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/MAME 2003-Plus-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/MAME 2003-Plus.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/MAME 2003-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/MAME 2003.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/MAME 2010-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/MAME 2010.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/MAME 2015-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/MAME 2015.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/MAME 2016-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/MAME 2016.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/MAME-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/MAME.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Magnavox - Odyssey 100.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Magnavox - Odyssey 200.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Magnavox - Odyssey 2000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Magnavox - Odyssey 2001.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Magnavox - Odyssey 2100.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Magnavox - Odyssey 300.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Magnavox - Odyssey 3000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Magnavox - Odyssey 400.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Magnavox - Odyssey 4000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Magnavox - Odyssey 500.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Magnavox - Odyssey-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Magnavox - Odyssey.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Magnavox - Odyssey2-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Magnavox - Odyssey2.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Mattel - HyperScan Alt.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Mattel - HyperScan-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Mattel - HyperScan.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Mattel - Intellivision 49-75011.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Mattel - Intellivision 5872.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Mattel - Intellivision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Mattel - Intellivision.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Microsoft - MSX-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Microsoft - MSX.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Microsoft - MSX2-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Microsoft - MSX2.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Microsoft - Xbox 360 (Digital)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Microsoft - Xbox 360 (Digital).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Microsoft - Xbox 360 E T.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Microsoft - Xbox 360 E.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Microsoft - Xbox 360 S T.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Microsoft - Xbox 360 S.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Microsoft - Xbox 360 T.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Microsoft - Xbox 360-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Microsoft - Xbox 360.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Microsoft - Xbox One S T.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Microsoft - Xbox One S.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Microsoft - Xbox One X K.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Microsoft - Xbox One-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Microsoft - Xbox One.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Microsoft - Xbox Series X-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Microsoft - Xbox Series X.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Microsoft - Xbox-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Microsoft - Xbox.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Milton Bradley - Microvision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Milton Bradley - Microvision.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Minecraft-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Minecraft.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/MrBoom-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/MrBoom.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16 HES-EXP-01 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16 HES-TGX-01 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16 PI-TG2 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16 PI-TG3 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16 PI-TG7 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16 PI-TG9 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD CDR-30 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD HES-CDR-01 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD HES-DUO-01 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD PI-CD1 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/NEC - PC Engine SuperGrafx-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/NEC - PC Engine SuperGrafx.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/NEC - PC-98-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/NEC - PC-98.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/NEC - PC-FX-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/NEC - PC-FX.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Neo Geo-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Neo Geo.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Color TV-Game CTG-15V.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Color TV-Game CTG-6.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Color TV-Game CTG-BK6.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Color TV-Game CTG-CR112.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Color TV-Game CTG-HC10.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Family Computer Disk System AN500.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Family Computer Disk System AN505.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Family Computer Disk System HVC-101.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Family Computer Disk System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Family Computer Disk System.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance (e-Reader)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance (e-Reader).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGS-001.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance OXY-001.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Game Boy Color-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Game Boy Color.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Game Boy MGB-001.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Game Boy-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Game Boy.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - GameCube SL-GC10.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - GameCube-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - GameCube.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS JAN-001.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS KTR-001.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (DLC)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (DLC).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (Digital)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (Digital).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS CTR-001.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS FTR-001.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Nintendo 64-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Nintendo 64.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Nintendo 64DD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Nintendo 64DD.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Nintendo DS (Download Play)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Nintendo DS (Download Play).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Nintendo DS Decrypted-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Nintendo DS Decrypted.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Nintendo DS NTR-001.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Nintendo DS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Nintendo DS.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi (DLC)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi (DLC).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi Decrypted-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi Decrypted.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi TWL-001.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System HVC-001.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System HVC-101.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System NES-101.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System-content (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Pokemon Mini-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Pokemon Mini.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Satellaview-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Satellaview.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Sufami Turbo SHVC-101.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Sufami Turbo SNS-001.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Sufami Turbo SNS-101.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Sufami Turbo-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Sufami Turbo.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System SHVC-101.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System SNS-001.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System SNS-101.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System SNSP-001.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System-content (1) (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System-content (2) (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System-content (E).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Switch HAC-001.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Switch HAC-007.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Switch HDH-001.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Switch-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Switch.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Virtual Boy-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Virtual Boy.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Wii (Digital)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Wii (Digital).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Wii RVL-001 T.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Wii RVL-201.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Wii U WUP-001 T.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Wii U-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Wii U.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Wii-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Wii.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - e-Reader-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - e-Reader.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Nokia - N-Gage QD.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Nokia - N-Gage-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Nokia - N-Gage.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Nvidia - Shield TV.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Ouya - Ouya.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Philips - CD-i-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Philips - CD-i.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Philips - Videopac+-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Philips - Videopac+.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/PlayJam - Game Stick.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Quake II-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Quake II.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Quake III-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Quake III.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Quake-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Quake.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/RCA - Studio II-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/RCA - Studio II.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/RPG Maker-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/RPG Maker.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Rick Dangerous-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Rick Dangerous.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/SNK - Neo Geo CD Tray.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/SNK - Neo Geo CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/SNK - Neo Geo CD.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/SNK - Neo Geo CDZ.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/SNK - Neo Geo Mini.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket Color.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/SNK - Neo Geo X-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/SNK - Neo Geo X.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/SNK - Neo Geo-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/SNK - Neo Geo.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/SSD - Xavixport-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/SSD - Xavixport.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/ScummVM-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/ScummVM.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Sega - 32X MK-1601-84000 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Sega - 32X Neptune (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Sega - 32X-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Sega - 32X.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Sega - Dreamcast-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Sega - Dreamcast.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Sega - Game Gear-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Sega - Game Gear.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Sega - Master System - Mark III MK-3006.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Sega - Master System - Mark III SG-1000M3 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Sega - Master System - Mark III-content (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Sega - Master System - Mark III-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Sega - Master System - Mark III.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis HAA-2502 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis HAA-2510 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis HMJ-0300 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis MK-1461 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis MK-1631 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis MK-6100 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis-content (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD HAA-2502-2912 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD HAA-2510-2910 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD HAA-2510-2912 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD MK-1601-1690 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD MK-1601-4102 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD MK-1631-4102 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD RG-M1 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD RG-M2 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Sega - PICO-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Sega - PICO.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Sega - SG-1000 II.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Sega - SG-1000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Sega - SG-1000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Sega - Saturn HST-3200 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Sega - Saturn Pluto (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Sega - Saturn-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Sega - Saturn.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Sharp - X68000 T.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Sharp - X68000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Sharp - X68000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Sinclair - ZX 81-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Sinclair - ZX 81.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Sinclair - ZX Spectrum +3-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Sinclair - ZX Spectrum +3.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Sinclair - ZX Spectrum-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Sinclair - ZX Spectrum.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation 2 PSX-5000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation 2 SCPH-10000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation 2 SCPH-70000 T.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation 2 SCPH-70000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation 2 SCPH-90000 T.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation 2 SCPH-90000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation 2-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation 2.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation 3 (DLC)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation 3 (DLC).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation 3 (Downloadable)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation 3 (Downloadable).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation 3 (PSN)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation 3 (PSN).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation 3-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation 4 CUH-1000 T.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation 4 CUH-2000 T.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation 4 CUH-2000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation 4 CUH-7000 T.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation 4 CUH-7000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation 4-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation 4.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation Portable (DLC)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation Portable (DLC).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation Portable (PSN)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation Portable (PSN).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation Portable (PSX2PSP)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation Portable (PSX2PSP).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation Portable (UMD Music)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation Portable (UMD Music).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation Portable (UMD Video)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation Portable (UMD Video).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation Portable PSP-E1000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation Portable PSP-N1000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation Portable-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation Portable.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation SCPH-100-131 Flat.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation SCPH-100-131.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation SCPH-100.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation Vita PCH-2000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation Vita VTE-1000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation Vita-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation Vita.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Sony - Playstation 3 CECH-2000 T.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Sony - Playstation 3 CECH-2000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Sony - Playstation 3 CECH-4000 T.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Sony - Playstation 3 CECH-4000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Sony - Playstation 3 CECHA00 KT.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Sony - Playstation 3.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Spectravideo - SV 328.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Spectravideo - SVI-318 - SVI-328-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Spectravideo - SVI-318 - SVI-328.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/TIC-80-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/TIC-80.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Tapwave - Zodiac-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Tapwave - Zodiac.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/The 3DO Company - 3DO FZ-10.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/The 3DO Company - 3DO GDO-101.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/The 3DO Company - 3DO GDO-203P.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/The 3DO Company - 3DO IMP-21J.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/The 3DO Company - 3DO-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/The 3DO Company - 3DO.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Thomson - MOTO Cartridge.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Thomson - MOTO TO8.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Thomson - MOTO-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Thomson - MOTO.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Tiger - Game.com-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Tiger - Game.com.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Tiger - Gizmondo-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Tiger - Gizmondo.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Tomb Raider-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Tomb Raider.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Umtech - VideoBrain-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Umtech - VideoBrain.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Uzebox-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Uzebox.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/VTech - CreatiVision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/VTech - CreatiVision.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/VTech - Socrates Alt.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/VTech - Socrates-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/VTech - Socrates.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/VTech - V.Flash-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/VTech - V.Flash.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/VTech - V.Smile-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/VTech - V.Smile.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Valve - Steam Link.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Watara - Supervision Original.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Watara - Supervision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Watara - Supervision.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/ZAPiT - Game Wave-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/ZAPiT - Game Wave.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/Zeebo - Zeebo.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/achievement-list.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/add-favorite.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/add.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/arrow.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/battery-20.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/battery-40.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/battery-60.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/battery-80.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/battery-charging.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/battery-full.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/bluetooth.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/clock.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/close.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/core-cheat-options.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/core-disk-options.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/core-infos.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/core-input-remapping-options.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/core-options.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/core-shader-options.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/core.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/cursor.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/database.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/default-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/default.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/dialog-slice.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/favorites-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/favorites.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/file.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/folder.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/history.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/iQue - iQue-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/iQue - iQue.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/image.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/images.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/input_ADC.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/input_BIND_ALL.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/input_BTN-D.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/input_BTN-L.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/input_BTN-R.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/input_BTN-U.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/input_DPAD-D.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/input_DPAD-L.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/input_DPAD-R.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/input_DPAD-U.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/input_LB.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/input_LGUN.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/input_LT.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/input_MOUSE.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/input_RB.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/input_RT.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/input_SELECT.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/input_START.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/input_STCK-D.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/input_STCK-L.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/input_STCK-P.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/input_STCK-R.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/input_STCK-U.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/input_TURBO.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/key-hover.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/key.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/lakka.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/loadstate.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/menu_achievements.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/menu_add.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/menu_apply_cog.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/menu_apply_toggle.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/menu_audio.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/menu_brightness.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/menu_check.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/menu_drivers.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/menu_exit.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/menu_frameskip.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/menu_help.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/menu_hourglass.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/menu_info.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/menu_latency.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/menu_log.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/menu_mixer.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/menu_network.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/menu_notifications.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/menu_osd.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/menu_overlay.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/menu_override.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/menu_pause.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/menu_playlist.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/menu_power.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/menu_privacy.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/menu_quickmenu.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/menu_record.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/menu_rewind.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/menu_room.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/menu_room_lan.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/menu_room_relay.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/menu_saving.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/menu_shutdown.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/menu_stream.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/menu_ui.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/menu_updater.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/menu_user.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/menu_video.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/menu_volume_max.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/menu_volume_med.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/menu_volume_min.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/menu_volume_mute.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/movie.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/movies.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/music.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/musics.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/netplay.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/off.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/on.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/pointer.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/reload.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/rename.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/resume.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/retroarch.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/run.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/savestate.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/screenshot.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/setting.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/settings.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/subsetting.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/undo.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/wifi.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/128/zip.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/1292 Advanced Programmable Video System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/1292 Advanced Programmable Video System.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/2048-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/2048.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/ACT - Apricot PC Xi-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/ACT - Apricot PC Xi.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/APF - Imagination Machine-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/APF - Imagination Machine.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/APF - MP-1000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/APF - MP-1000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Acorn - Archimedes-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Acorn - Archimedes.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Acorn - Atom-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Acorn - Atom.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Acorn - BBC Micro-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Acorn - BBC Micro.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Amazon - Fire TV (2nd Gen).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Amazon - Fire TV (3rd Gen).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Amazon - Fire TV Cube.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Amazon - Fire TV-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Amazon - Fire TV.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Amazon - Luna-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Amazon - Luna.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Amstrad - CPC-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Amstrad - CPC.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Amstrad - GX4000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Amstrad - GX4000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Apple - I-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Apple - I.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Apple - II Plus-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Apple - II Plus.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Apple - II-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Apple - II.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Apple - IIe-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Apple - IIe.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Apple - Macintosh-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Apple - Macintosh.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Apple-Bandai - Pippin-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Apple-Bandai - Pippin.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Atari - 2600 637.75000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Atari - 2600 CX2600A.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Atari - 2600 CX2600JR.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Atari - 2600 CX2700.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Atari - 2600 Flashback 2.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Atari - 2600 Flashback.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Atari - 2600-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Atari - 2600.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Atari - 5200-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Atari - 5200.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Atari - 7800-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Atari - 7800.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Atari - 8-bit-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Atari - 8-bit.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Atari - Jaguar CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Atari - Jaguar CD.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Atari - Jaguar-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Atari - Jaguar.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Atari - Lynx PAG-0401.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Atari - Lynx-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Atari - Lynx.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Atari - Pong C-140.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Atari - Pong C-200.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Atari - Pong-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Atari - Pong.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Atari - ST (Tapes)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Atari - ST (Tapes).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Atari - ST-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Atari - ST.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Atari - VCS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Atari - VCS.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Atari - XEGS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Atari - XEGS.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/BBC - Bridge Companion-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Bally - Astrocade-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Bally - Astrocade.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Bandai - Playdia-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Bandai - Playdia.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Bandai - Super Vision 8000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Bandai - Super Vision 8000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Bandai - WonderSwan Color WSC-001.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Bandai - WonderSwan Color-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Bandai - WonderSwan Color.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Bandai - WonderSwan-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Bandai - WonderSwan.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Benesse - Pocket Challenge V2-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Benesse - Pocket Challenge V2.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Benesse - Pocket Challenge W-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Benesse - Pocket Challenge W.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Bit Corporation - Gamate-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Bit Corporation - Gamate.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/CHIP-8-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/CHIP-8.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Cannonball-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Cannonball.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Capcom - CP System I-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Capcom - CP System I.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Capcom - CP System II-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Capcom - CP System II.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Capcom - CP System III CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Capcom - CP System III-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Capcom - CP System III-content_combo.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Capcom - CP System III-content_mobo.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Capcom - CP System III.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Casio - Loopy-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Casio - Loopy.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Casio - PV-1000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Casio - PV-1000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Cave Story-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Cave Story.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/ChaiLove-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/ChaiLove.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Coleco - ColecoVision ADAM-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Coleco - ColecoVision ADAM.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Coleco - ColecoVision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Coleco - ColecoVision.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Coleco - Telstar 6030.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Coleco - Telstar 6040.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Coleco - Telstar 6045.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Coleco - Telstar 6065.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Coleco - Telstar 6071.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Coleco - Telstar 6135.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Commodore - 64 (PP)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Commodore - 64 (PP).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Commodore - 64 (Tapes)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Commodore - 64 (Tapes).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Commodore - 64 64C.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Commodore - 64 Games System.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Commodore - 64-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Commodore - 64.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Commodore - Amiga-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Commodore - Amiga.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Commodore - CD32-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Commodore - CD32.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Commodore - CDTV-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Commodore - CDTV.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Commodore - Plus-4-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Commodore - Plus-4.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Commodore - VIC-20-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Commodore - VIC-20.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/DOOM-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/DOOM.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/DOS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/DOS.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Dinothawr-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Dinothawr.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Dungeon Crawl Stone Soup-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Dungeon Crawl Stone Soup.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Emerson - Arcadia 2001-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Emerson - Arcadia 2001.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Entex - Adventure Vision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Entex - Adventure Vision.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Entex - Select-A-Game-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Entex - Select-A-Game.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Epoch - Cassette Vision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Epoch - Cassette Vision.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Epoch - Game Pocket Computer-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Epoch - Game Pocket Computer.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Epoch - Super Cassette Vision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Epoch - Super Cassette Vision.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Epoch - TV Tennis Electrotennis-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Epoch - TV Tennis Electrotennis.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/FBNeo - Arcade Games-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/FBNeo - Arcade Games.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/FFmpeg-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/FFmpeg.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Fairchild - Channel F System II.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Fairchild - Channel F-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Fairchild - Channel F.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Flashback-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Flashback.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Fujitsu - FM Towns Marty-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Fujitsu - FM Towns Marty.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Fukutake Publishing - StudyBox-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Fukutake Publishing - StudyBox.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Funtech - Super Acan-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Funtech - Super Acan.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/GCE - Vectrex-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/GCE - Vectrex.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Gakken - Compact Vision TV Boy-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Gakken - Compact Vision TV Boy.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Game-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Game.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/GamePark - GP32-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/GamePark - GP32.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Google - Nexus Player-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Google - Nexus Player.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Google - Stadia-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Google - Stadia.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Handheld Electronic Game-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Handheld Electronic Game.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Hartung - Game Master-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Hartung - Game Master.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Interton - VC 4000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Interton - VC 4000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Interton - Video 2000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Interton - Video 2000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Konami - Picno-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Konami - Picno.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/LeapFrog - LeapPad-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/LeapFrog - LeapPad.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/LeapFrog - Leapster Learning Game System 1.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/LeapFrog - Leapster Learning Game System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/LeapFrog - Leapster Learning Game System.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/LeapFrog - My First LeapPad-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/LeapFrog - My First LeapPad.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Libretro - Pad.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Lutro-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Lutro.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/MAME 2000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/MAME 2000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/MAME 2003-Plus-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/MAME 2003-Plus.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/MAME 2003-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/MAME 2003.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/MAME 2010-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/MAME 2010.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/MAME 2015-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/MAME 2015.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/MAME 2016-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/MAME 2016.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/MAME-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/MAME.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Magnavox - Odyssey 100.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Magnavox - Odyssey 200.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Magnavox - Odyssey 2000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Magnavox - Odyssey 2001.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Magnavox - Odyssey 2100.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Magnavox - Odyssey 300.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Magnavox - Odyssey 3000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Magnavox - Odyssey 400.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Magnavox - Odyssey 4000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Magnavox - Odyssey 500.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Magnavox - Odyssey-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Magnavox - Odyssey.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Magnavox - Odyssey2-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Magnavox - Odyssey2.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Mattel - HyperScan Alt.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Mattel - HyperScan-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Mattel - HyperScan.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Mattel - Intellivision 49-75011.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Mattel - Intellivision 5872.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Mattel - Intellivision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Mattel - Intellivision.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Microsoft - MSX-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Microsoft - MSX.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Microsoft - MSX2-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Microsoft - MSX2.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Microsoft - Xbox 360 (Digital)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Microsoft - Xbox 360 (Digital).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Microsoft - Xbox 360 E T.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Microsoft - Xbox 360 E.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Microsoft - Xbox 360 S T.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Microsoft - Xbox 360 S.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Microsoft - Xbox 360 T.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Microsoft - Xbox 360-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Microsoft - Xbox 360.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Microsoft - Xbox One S T.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Microsoft - Xbox One S.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Microsoft - Xbox One X K.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Microsoft - Xbox One-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Microsoft - Xbox One.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Microsoft - Xbox Series X-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Microsoft - Xbox Series X.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Microsoft - Xbox-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Microsoft - Xbox.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Milton Bradley - Microvision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Milton Bradley - Microvision.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Minecraft-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Minecraft.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/MrBoom-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/MrBoom.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16 HES-EXP-01 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16 HES-TGX-01 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16 PI-TG2 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16 PI-TG3 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16 PI-TG7 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16 PI-TG9 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD CDR-30 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD HES-CDR-01 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD HES-DUO-01 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD PI-CD1 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/NEC - PC Engine SuperGrafx-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/NEC - PC Engine SuperGrafx.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/NEC - PC-98-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/NEC - PC-98.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/NEC - PC-FX-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/NEC - PC-FX.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Neo Geo-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Neo Geo.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Color TV-Game CTG-15V.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Color TV-Game CTG-6.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Color TV-Game CTG-BK6.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Color TV-Game CTG-CR112.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Color TV-Game CTG-HC10.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Family Computer Disk System AN500.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Family Computer Disk System AN505.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Family Computer Disk System HVC-101.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Family Computer Disk System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Family Computer Disk System.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance (e-Reader)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance (e-Reader).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGS-001.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance OXY-001.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Game Boy Color-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Game Boy Color.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Game Boy MGB-001.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Game Boy-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Game Boy.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - GameCube SL-GC10.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - GameCube-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - GameCube.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS JAN-001.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS KTR-001.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (DLC)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (DLC).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (Digital)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (Digital).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS CTR-001.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS FTR-001.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Nintendo 64-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Nintendo 64.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Nintendo 64DD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Nintendo 64DD.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Nintendo DS (Download Play)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Nintendo DS (Download Play).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Nintendo DS Decrypted-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Nintendo DS Decrypted.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Nintendo DS NTR-001.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Nintendo DS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Nintendo DS.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi (DLC)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi (DLC).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi Decrypted-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi Decrypted.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi TWL-001.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System HVC-001.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System HVC-101.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System NES-101.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System-content (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Pokemon Mini-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Pokemon Mini.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Satellaview-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Satellaview.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Sufami Turbo SHVC-101.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Sufami Turbo SNS-001.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Sufami Turbo SNS-101.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Sufami Turbo-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Sufami Turbo.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System SHVC-101.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System SNS-001.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System SNS-101.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System SNSP-001.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System-content (1) (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System-content (2) (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System-content (E).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Switch HAC-001.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Switch HAC-007.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Switch HDH-001.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Switch-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Switch.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Virtual Boy-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Virtual Boy.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Wii (Digital)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Wii (Digital).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Wii RVL-001 T.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Wii RVL-201.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Wii U WUP-001 T.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Wii U-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Wii U.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Wii-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Wii.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - e-Reader-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - e-Reader.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Nokia - N-Gage QD.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Nokia - N-Gage-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Nokia - N-Gage.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Nvidia - Shield TV.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Ouya - Ouya.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Philips - CD-i-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Philips - CD-i.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Philips - Videopac+-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Philips - Videopac+.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/PlayJam - Game Stick.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Quake II-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Quake II.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Quake III-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Quake III.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Quake-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Quake.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/RCA - Studio II-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/RCA - Studio II.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/RPG Maker-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/RPG Maker.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Rick Dangerous-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Rick Dangerous.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/SNK - Neo Geo CD Tray.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/SNK - Neo Geo CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/SNK - Neo Geo CD.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/SNK - Neo Geo CDZ.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/SNK - Neo Geo Mini.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket Color.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/SNK - Neo Geo X-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/SNK - Neo Geo X.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/SNK - Neo Geo-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/SNK - Neo Geo.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/SSD - Xavixport-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/SSD - Xavixport.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/ScummVM-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/ScummVM.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Sega - 32X MK-1601-84000 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Sega - 32X Neptune (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Sega - 32X-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Sega - 32X.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Sega - Dreamcast-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Sega - Dreamcast.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Sega - Game Gear-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Sega - Game Gear.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Sega - Master System - Mark III MK-3006.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Sega - Master System - Mark III SG-1000M3 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Sega - Master System - Mark III-content (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Sega - Master System - Mark III-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Sega - Master System - Mark III.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis HAA-2502 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis HAA-2510 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis HMJ-0300 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis MK-1461 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis MK-1631 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis MK-6100 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis-content (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD HAA-2502-2912 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD HAA-2510-2910 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD HAA-2510-2912 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD MK-1601-1690 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD MK-1601-4102 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD MK-1631-4102 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD RG-M1 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD RG-M2 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Sega - PICO-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Sega - PICO.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Sega - SG-1000 II.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Sega - SG-1000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Sega - SG-1000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Sega - Saturn HST-3200 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Sega - Saturn Pluto (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Sega - Saturn-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Sega - Saturn.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Sharp - X68000 T.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Sharp - X68000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Sharp - X68000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Sinclair - ZX 81-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Sinclair - ZX 81.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Sinclair - ZX Spectrum +3-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Sinclair - ZX Spectrum +3.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Sinclair - ZX Spectrum-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Sinclair - ZX Spectrum.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation 2 PSX-5000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation 2 SCPH-10000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation 2 SCPH-70000 T.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation 2 SCPH-70000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation 2 SCPH-90000 T.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation 2 SCPH-90000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation 2-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation 2.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation 3 (DLC)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation 3 (DLC).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation 3 (Downloadable)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation 3 (Downloadable).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation 3 (PSN)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation 3 (PSN).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation 3-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation 4 CUH-1000 T.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation 4 CUH-2000 T.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation 4 CUH-2000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation 4 CUH-7000 T.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation 4 CUH-7000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation 4-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation 4.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation Portable (DLC)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation Portable (DLC).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation Portable (PSN)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation Portable (PSN).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation Portable (PSX2PSP)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation Portable (PSX2PSP).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation Portable (UMD Music)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation Portable (UMD Music).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation Portable (UMD Video)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation Portable (UMD Video).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation Portable PSP-E1000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation Portable PSP-N1000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation Portable-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation Portable.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation SCPH-100-131 Flat.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation SCPH-100-131.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation SCPH-100.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation Vita PCH-2000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation Vita VTE-1000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation Vita-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation Vita.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Sony - Playstation 3 CECH-2000 T.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Sony - Playstation 3 CECH-2000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Sony - Playstation 3 CECH-4000 T.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Sony - Playstation 3 CECH-4000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Sony - Playstation 3 CECHA00 KT.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Sony - Playstation 3.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Spectravideo - SV 328.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Spectravideo - SVI-318 - SVI-328-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Spectravideo - SVI-318 - SVI-328.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/TIC-80-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/TIC-80.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Tapwave - Zodiac-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Tapwave - Zodiac.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/The 3DO Company - 3DO FZ-10.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/The 3DO Company - 3DO GDO-101.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/The 3DO Company - 3DO GDO-203P.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/The 3DO Company - 3DO IMP-21J.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/The 3DO Company - 3DO-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/The 3DO Company - 3DO.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Thomson - MOTO Cartridge.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Thomson - MOTO TO8.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Thomson - MOTO-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Thomson - MOTO.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Tiger - Game.com-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Tiger - Game.com.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Tiger - Gizmondo-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Tiger - Gizmondo.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Tomb Raider-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Tomb Raider.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Umtech - VideoBrain-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Umtech - VideoBrain.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Uzebox-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Uzebox.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/VTech - CreatiVision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/VTech - CreatiVision.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/VTech - Socrates Alt.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/VTech - Socrates-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/VTech - Socrates.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/VTech - V.Flash-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/VTech - V.Flash.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/VTech - V.Smile-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/VTech - V.Smile.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Valve - Steam Link.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Watara - Supervision Original.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Watara - Supervision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Watara - Supervision.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/ZAPiT - Game Wave-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/ZAPiT - Game Wave.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/Zeebo - Zeebo.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/achievement-list.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/add-favorite.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/add.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/arrow.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/battery-20.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/battery-40.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/battery-60.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/battery-80.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/battery-charging.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/battery-full.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/bluetooth.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/clock.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/close.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/core-cheat-options.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/core-disk-options.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/core-infos.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/core-input-remapping-options.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/core-options.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/core-shader-options.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/core.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/cursor.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/database.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/default-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/default.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/dialog-slice.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/favorites-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/favorites.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/file.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/folder.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/history.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/iQue - iQue-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/iQue - iQue.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/image.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/images.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/input_ADC.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/input_BIND_ALL.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/input_BTN-D.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/input_BTN-L.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/input_BTN-R.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/input_BTN-U.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/input_DPAD-D.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/input_DPAD-L.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/input_DPAD-R.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/input_DPAD-U.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/input_LB.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/input_LGUN.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/input_LT.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/input_MOUSE.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/input_RB.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/input_RT.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/input_SELECT.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/input_START.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/input_STCK-D.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/input_STCK-L.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/input_STCK-P.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/input_STCK-R.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/input_STCK-U.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/input_TURBO.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/key-hover.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/key.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/lakka.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/loadstate.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/menu_achievements.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/menu_add.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/menu_apply_cog.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/menu_apply_toggle.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/menu_audio.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/menu_brightness.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/menu_check.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/menu_drivers.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/menu_exit.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/menu_frameskip.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/menu_help.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/menu_hourglass.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/menu_info.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/menu_latency.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/menu_log.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/menu_mixer.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/menu_network.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/menu_notifications.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/menu_osd.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/menu_overlay.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/menu_override.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/menu_pause.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/menu_playlist.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/menu_power.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/menu_privacy.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/menu_quickmenu.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/menu_record.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/menu_rewind.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/menu_room.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/menu_room_lan.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/menu_room_relay.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/menu_saving.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/menu_shutdown.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/menu_stream.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/menu_ui.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/menu_updater.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/menu_user.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/menu_video.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/menu_volume_max.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/menu_volume_med.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/menu_volume_min.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/menu_volume_mute.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/movie.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/movies.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/music.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/musics.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/netplay.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/off.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/on.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/pointer.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/reload.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/rename.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/resume.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/retroarch.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/run.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/savestate.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/screenshot.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/setting.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/settings.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/subsetting.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/undo.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/wifi.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/256/zip.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/1292 Advanced Programmable Video System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/1292 Advanced Programmable Video System.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/2048-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/2048.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/ACT - Apricot PC Xi-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/ACT - Apricot PC Xi.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/APF - Imagination Machine-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/APF - Imagination Machine.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/APF - MP-1000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/APF - MP-1000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Acorn - Archimedes-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Acorn - Archimedes.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Acorn - Atom-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Acorn - Atom.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Acorn - BBC Micro-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Acorn - BBC Micro.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Amazon - Fire TV (2nd Gen).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Amazon - Fire TV (3rd Gen).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Amazon - Fire TV Cube.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Amazon - Fire TV-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Amazon - Fire TV.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Amazon - Luna-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Amazon - Luna.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Amstrad - CPC-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Amstrad - CPC.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Amstrad - GX4000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Amstrad - GX4000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Apple - I-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Apple - I.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Apple - II Plus-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Apple - II Plus.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Apple - II-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Apple - II.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Apple - IIe-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Apple - IIe.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Apple - Macintosh-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Apple - Macintosh.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Apple-Bandai - Pippin-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Apple-Bandai - Pippin.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Atari - 2600 637.75000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Atari - 2600 CX2600A.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Atari - 2600 CX2600JR.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Atari - 2600 CX2700.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Atari - 2600 Flashback 2.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Atari - 2600 Flashback.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Atari - 2600-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Atari - 2600.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Atari - 5200-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Atari - 5200.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Atari - 7800-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Atari - 7800.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Atari - 8-bit-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Atari - 8-bit.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Atari - Jaguar CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Atari - Jaguar CD.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Atari - Jaguar-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Atari - Jaguar.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Atari - Lynx PAG-0401.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Atari - Lynx-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Atari - Lynx.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Atari - Pong C-140.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Atari - Pong C-200.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Atari - Pong-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Atari - Pong.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Atari - ST (Tapes)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Atari - ST (Tapes).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Atari - ST-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Atari - ST.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Atari - VCS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Atari - VCS.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Atari - XEGS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Atari - XEGS.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/BBC - Bridge Companion-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Bally - Astrocade-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Bally - Astrocade.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Bandai - Playdia-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Bandai - Playdia.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Bandai - Super Vision 8000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Bandai - Super Vision 8000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Bandai - WonderSwan Color WSC-001.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Bandai - WonderSwan Color-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Bandai - WonderSwan Color.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Bandai - WonderSwan-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Bandai - WonderSwan.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Benesse - Pocket Challenge V2-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Benesse - Pocket Challenge V2.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Benesse - Pocket Challenge W-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Benesse - Pocket Challenge W.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Bit Corporation - Gamate-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Bit Corporation - Gamate.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/CHIP-8-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/CHIP-8.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Cannonball-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Cannonball.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Capcom - CP System I-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Capcom - CP System I.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Capcom - CP System II-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Capcom - CP System II.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Capcom - CP System III CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Capcom - CP System III-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Capcom - CP System III-content_combo.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Capcom - CP System III-content_mobo.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Capcom - CP System III.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Casio - Loopy-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Casio - Loopy.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Casio - PV-1000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Casio - PV-1000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Cave Story-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Cave Story.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/ChaiLove-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/ChaiLove.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Coleco - ColecoVision ADAM-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Coleco - ColecoVision ADAM.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Coleco - ColecoVision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Coleco - ColecoVision.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Coleco - Telstar 6030.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Coleco - Telstar 6040.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Coleco - Telstar 6045.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Coleco - Telstar 6065.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Coleco - Telstar 6071.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Coleco - Telstar 6135.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Commodore - 64 (PP)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Commodore - 64 (PP).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Commodore - 64 (Tapes)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Commodore - 64 (Tapes).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Commodore - 64 64C.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Commodore - 64 Games System.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Commodore - 64-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Commodore - 64.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Commodore - Amiga-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Commodore - Amiga.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Commodore - CD32-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Commodore - CD32.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Commodore - CDTV-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Commodore - CDTV.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Commodore - Plus-4-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Commodore - Plus-4.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Commodore - VIC-20-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Commodore - VIC-20.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/DOOM-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/DOOM.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/DOS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/DOS.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Dinothawr-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Dinothawr.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Dungeon Crawl Stone Soup-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Dungeon Crawl Stone Soup.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Emerson - Arcadia 2001-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Emerson - Arcadia 2001.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Entex - Adventure Vision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Entex - Adventure Vision.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Entex - Select-A-Game-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Entex - Select-A-Game.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Epoch - Cassette Vision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Epoch - Cassette Vision.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Epoch - Game Pocket Computer-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Epoch - Game Pocket Computer.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Epoch - Super Cassette Vision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Epoch - Super Cassette Vision.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Epoch - TV Tennis Electrotennis-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Epoch - TV Tennis Electrotennis.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/FBNeo - Arcade Games-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/FBNeo - Arcade Games.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/FFmpeg-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/FFmpeg.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Fairchild - Channel F System II.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Fairchild - Channel F-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Fairchild - Channel F.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Flashback-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Flashback.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Fujitsu - FM Towns Marty-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Fujitsu - FM Towns Marty.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Fukutake Publishing - StudyBox-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Fukutake Publishing - StudyBox.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Funtech - Super Acan-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Funtech - Super Acan.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/GCE - Vectrex-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/GCE - Vectrex.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Gakken - Compact Vision TV Boy-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Gakken - Compact Vision TV Boy.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Game-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Game.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/GamePark - GP32-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/GamePark - GP32.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Google - Nexus Player-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Google - Nexus Player.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Google - Stadia-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Google - Stadia.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Handheld Electronic Game-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Handheld Electronic Game.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Hartung - Game Master-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Hartung - Game Master.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Interton - VC 4000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Interton - VC 4000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Interton - Video 2000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Interton - Video 2000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Konami - Picno-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Konami - Picno.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/LeapFrog - LeapPad-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/LeapFrog - LeapPad.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/LeapFrog - Leapster Learning Game System 1.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/LeapFrog - Leapster Learning Game System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/LeapFrog - Leapster Learning Game System.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/LeapFrog - My First LeapPad-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/LeapFrog - My First LeapPad.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Libretro - Pad.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Lutro-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Lutro.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/MAME 2000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/MAME 2000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/MAME 2003-Plus-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/MAME 2003-Plus.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/MAME 2003-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/MAME 2003.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/MAME 2010-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/MAME 2010.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/MAME 2015-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/MAME 2015.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/MAME 2016-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/MAME 2016.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/MAME-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/MAME.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Magnavox - Odyssey 100.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Magnavox - Odyssey 200.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Magnavox - Odyssey 2000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Magnavox - Odyssey 2001.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Magnavox - Odyssey 2100.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Magnavox - Odyssey 300.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Magnavox - Odyssey 3000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Magnavox - Odyssey 400.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Magnavox - Odyssey 4000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Magnavox - Odyssey 500.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Magnavox - Odyssey-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Magnavox - Odyssey.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Magnavox - Odyssey2-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Magnavox - Odyssey2.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Mattel - HyperScan Alt.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Mattel - HyperScan-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Mattel - HyperScan.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Mattel - Intellivision 49-75011.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Mattel - Intellivision 5872.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Mattel - Intellivision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Mattel - Intellivision.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Microsoft - MSX-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Microsoft - MSX.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Microsoft - MSX2-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Microsoft - MSX2.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Microsoft - Xbox 360 (Digital)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Microsoft - Xbox 360 (Digital).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Microsoft - Xbox 360 E T.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Microsoft - Xbox 360 E.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Microsoft - Xbox 360 S T.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Microsoft - Xbox 360 S.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Microsoft - Xbox 360 T.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Microsoft - Xbox 360-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Microsoft - Xbox 360.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Microsoft - Xbox One S T.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Microsoft - Xbox One S.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Microsoft - Xbox One X K.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Microsoft - Xbox One-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Microsoft - Xbox One.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Microsoft - Xbox Series X-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Microsoft - Xbox Series X.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Microsoft - Xbox-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Microsoft - Xbox.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Milton Bradley - Microvision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Milton Bradley - Microvision.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Minecraft-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Minecraft.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/MrBoom-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/MrBoom.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16 HES-EXP-01 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16 HES-TGX-01 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16 PI-TG2 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16 PI-TG3 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16 PI-TG7 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16 PI-TG9 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD CDR-30 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD HES-CDR-01 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD HES-DUO-01 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD PI-CD1 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/NEC - PC Engine SuperGrafx-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/NEC - PC Engine SuperGrafx.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/NEC - PC-98-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/NEC - PC-98.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/NEC - PC-FX-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/NEC - PC-FX.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Neo Geo-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Neo Geo.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Color TV-Game CTG-15V.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Color TV-Game CTG-6.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Color TV-Game CTG-BK6.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Color TV-Game CTG-CR112.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Color TV-Game CTG-HC10.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Family Computer Disk System AN500.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Family Computer Disk System AN505.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Family Computer Disk System HVC-101.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Family Computer Disk System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Family Computer Disk System.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance (e-Reader)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance (e-Reader).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGS-001.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance OXY-001.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Game Boy Color-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Game Boy Color.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Game Boy MGB-001.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Game Boy-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Game Boy.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - GameCube SL-GC10.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - GameCube-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - GameCube.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS JAN-001.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS KTR-001.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (DLC)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (DLC).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (Digital)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (Digital).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS CTR-001.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS FTR-001.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Nintendo 64-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Nintendo 64.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Nintendo 64DD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Nintendo 64DD.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Nintendo DS (Download Play)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Nintendo DS (Download Play).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Nintendo DS Decrypted-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Nintendo DS Decrypted.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Nintendo DS NTR-001.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Nintendo DS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Nintendo DS.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi (DLC)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi (DLC).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi Decrypted-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi Decrypted.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi TWL-001.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System HVC-001.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System HVC-101.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System NES-101.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System-content (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Pokemon Mini-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Pokemon Mini.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Satellaview-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Satellaview.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Sufami Turbo SHVC-101.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Sufami Turbo SNS-001.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Sufami Turbo SNS-101.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Sufami Turbo-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Sufami Turbo.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System SHVC-101.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System SNS-001.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System SNS-101.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System SNSP-001.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System-content (1) (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System-content (2) (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System-content (E).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Switch HAC-001.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Switch HAC-007.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Switch HDH-001.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Switch-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Switch.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Virtual Boy-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Virtual Boy.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Wii (Digital)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Wii (Digital).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Wii RVL-001 T.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Wii RVL-201.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Wii U WUP-001 T.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Wii U-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Wii U.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Wii-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Wii.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - e-Reader-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - e-Reader.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Nokia - N-Gage QD.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Nokia - N-Gage-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Nokia - N-Gage.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Nvidia - Shield TV.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Ouya - Ouya.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Philips - CD-i-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Philips - CD-i.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Philips - Videopac+-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Philips - Videopac+.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/PlayJam - Game Stick.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Quake II-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Quake II.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Quake III-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Quake III.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Quake-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Quake.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/RCA - Studio II-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/RCA - Studio II.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/RPG Maker-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/RPG Maker.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Rick Dangerous-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Rick Dangerous.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/SNK - Neo Geo CD Tray.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/SNK - Neo Geo CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/SNK - Neo Geo CD.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/SNK - Neo Geo CDZ.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/SNK - Neo Geo Mini.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket Color.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/SNK - Neo Geo X-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/SNK - Neo Geo X.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/SNK - Neo Geo-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/SNK - Neo Geo.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/SSD - Xavixport-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/SSD - Xavixport.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/ScummVM-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/ScummVM.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Sega - 32X MK-1601-84000 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Sega - 32X Neptune (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Sega - 32X-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Sega - 32X.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Sega - Dreamcast-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Sega - Dreamcast.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Sega - Game Gear-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Sega - Game Gear.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Sega - Master System - Mark III MK-3006.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Sega - Master System - Mark III SG-1000M3 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Sega - Master System - Mark III-content (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Sega - Master System - Mark III-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Sega - Master System - Mark III.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis HAA-2502 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis HAA-2510 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis HMJ-0300 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis MK-1461 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis MK-1631 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis MK-6100 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis-content (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD HAA-2502-2912 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD HAA-2510-2910 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD HAA-2510-2912 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD MK-1601-1690 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD MK-1601-4102 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD MK-1631-4102 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD RG-M1 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD RG-M2 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Sega - PICO-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Sega - PICO.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Sega - SG-1000 II.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Sega - SG-1000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Sega - SG-1000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Sega - Saturn HST-3200 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Sega - Saturn Pluto (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Sega - Saturn-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Sega - Saturn.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Sharp - X68000 T.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Sharp - X68000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Sharp - X68000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Sinclair - ZX 81-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Sinclair - ZX 81.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Sinclair - ZX Spectrum +3-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Sinclair - ZX Spectrum +3.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Sinclair - ZX Spectrum-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Sinclair - ZX Spectrum.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation 2 PSX-5000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation 2 SCPH-10000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation 2 SCPH-70000 T.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation 2 SCPH-70000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation 2 SCPH-90000 T.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation 2 SCPH-90000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation 2-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation 2.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation 3 (DLC)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation 3 (DLC).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation 3 (Downloadable)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation 3 (Downloadable).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation 3 (PSN)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation 3 (PSN).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation 3-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation 4 CUH-1000 T.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation 4 CUH-2000 T.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation 4 CUH-2000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation 4 CUH-7000 T.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation 4 CUH-7000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation 4-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation 4.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation Portable (DLC)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation Portable (DLC).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation Portable (PSN)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation Portable (PSN).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation Portable (PSX2PSP)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation Portable (PSX2PSP).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation Portable (UMD Music)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation Portable (UMD Music).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation Portable (UMD Video)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation Portable (UMD Video).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation Portable PSP-E1000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation Portable PSP-N1000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation Portable-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation Portable.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation SCPH-100-131 Flat.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation SCPH-100-131.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation SCPH-100.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation Vita PCH-2000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation Vita VTE-1000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation Vita-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation Vita.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Sony - Playstation 3 CECH-2000 T.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Sony - Playstation 3 CECH-2000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Sony - Playstation 3 CECH-4000 T.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Sony - Playstation 3 CECH-4000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Sony - Playstation 3 CECHA00 KT.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Sony - Playstation 3.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Spectravideo - SV 328.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Spectravideo - SVI-318 - SVI-328-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Spectravideo - SVI-318 - SVI-328.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/TIC-80-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/TIC-80.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Tapwave - Zodiac-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Tapwave - Zodiac.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/The 3DO Company - 3DO FZ-10.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/The 3DO Company - 3DO GDO-101.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/The 3DO Company - 3DO GDO-203P.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/The 3DO Company - 3DO IMP-21J.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/The 3DO Company - 3DO-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/The 3DO Company - 3DO.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Thomson - MOTO Cartridge.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Thomson - MOTO TO8.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Thomson - MOTO-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Thomson - MOTO.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Tiger - Game.com-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Tiger - Game.com.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Tiger - Gizmondo-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Tiger - Gizmondo.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Tomb Raider-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Tomb Raider.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Umtech - VideoBrain-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Umtech - VideoBrain.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Uzebox-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Uzebox.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/VTech - CreatiVision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/VTech - CreatiVision.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/VTech - Socrates Alt.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/VTech - Socrates-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/VTech - Socrates.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/VTech - V.Flash-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/VTech - V.Flash.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/VTech - V.Smile-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/VTech - V.Smile.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Valve - Steam Link.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Watara - Supervision Original.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Watara - Supervision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Watara - Supervision.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/ZAPiT - Game Wave-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/ZAPiT - Game Wave.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/Zeebo - Zeebo.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/achievement-list.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/add-favorite.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/add.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/arrow.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/battery-20.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/battery-40.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/battery-60.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/battery-80.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/battery-charging.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/battery-full.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/bluetooth.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/clock.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/close.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/core-cheat-options.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/core-disk-options.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/core-infos.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/core-input-remapping-options.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/core-options.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/core-shader-options.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/core.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/cursor.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/database.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/default-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/default.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/dialog-slice.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/favorites-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/favorites.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/file.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/folder.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/history.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/iQue - iQue-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/iQue - iQue.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/image.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/images.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/input_ADC.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/input_BIND_ALL.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/input_BTN-D.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/input_BTN-L.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/input_BTN-R.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/input_BTN-U.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/input_DPAD-D.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/input_DPAD-L.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/input_DPAD-R.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/input_DPAD-U.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/input_LB.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/input_LGUN.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/input_LT.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/input_MOUSE.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/input_RB.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/input_RT.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/input_SELECT.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/input_START.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/input_STCK-D.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/input_STCK-L.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/input_STCK-P.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/input_STCK-R.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/input_STCK-U.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/input_TURBO.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/key-hover.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/key.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/lakka.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/loadstate.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/menu_achievements.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/menu_add.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/menu_apply_cog.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/menu_apply_toggle.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/menu_audio.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/menu_brightness.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/menu_check.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/menu_drivers.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/menu_exit.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/menu_frameskip.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/menu_help.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/menu_hourglass.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/menu_info.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/menu_latency.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/menu_log.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/menu_mixer.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/menu_network.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/menu_notifications.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/menu_osd.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/menu_overlay.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/menu_override.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/menu_pause.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/menu_playlist.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/menu_power.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/menu_privacy.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/menu_quickmenu.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/menu_record.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/menu_rewind.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/menu_room.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/menu_room_lan.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/menu_room_relay.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/menu_saving.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/menu_shutdown.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/menu_stream.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/menu_ui.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/menu_updater.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/menu_user.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/menu_video.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/menu_volume_max.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/menu_volume_med.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/menu_volume_min.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/menu_volume_mute.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/movie.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/movies.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/music.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/musics.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/netplay.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/off.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/on.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/pointer.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/reload.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/rename.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/resume.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/retroarch.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/run.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/savestate.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/screenshot.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/setting.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/settings.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/subsetting.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/undo.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/wifi.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/512/zip.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/1292 Advanced Programmable Video System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/1292 Advanced Programmable Video System.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/2048-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/2048.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/ACT - Apricot PC Xi-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/ACT - Apricot PC Xi.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/APF - Imagination Machine-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/APF - Imagination Machine.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/APF - MP-1000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/APF - MP-1000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Acorn - Archimedes-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Acorn - Archimedes.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Acorn - Atom-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Acorn - Atom.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Acorn - BBC Micro-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Acorn - BBC Micro.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Amazon - Fire TV (2nd Gen).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Amazon - Fire TV (3rd Gen).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Amazon - Fire TV Cube.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Amazon - Fire TV-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Amazon - Fire TV.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Amazon - Luna-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Amazon - Luna.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Amstrad - CPC-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Amstrad - CPC.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Amstrad - GX4000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Amstrad - GX4000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Apple - I-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Apple - I.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Apple - II Plus-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Apple - II Plus.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Apple - II-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Apple - II.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Apple - IIe-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Apple - IIe.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Apple - Macintosh-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Apple - Macintosh.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Apple-Bandai - Pippin-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Apple-Bandai - Pippin.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Atari - 2600 637.75000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Atari - 2600 CX2600A.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Atari - 2600 CX2600JR.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Atari - 2600 CX2700.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Atari - 2600 Flashback 2.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Atari - 2600 Flashback.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Atari - 2600-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Atari - 2600.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Atari - 5200-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Atari - 5200.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Atari - 7800-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Atari - 7800.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Atari - 8-bit-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Atari - 8-bit.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Atari - Jaguar CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Atari - Jaguar CD.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Atari - Jaguar-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Atari - Jaguar.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Atari - Lynx PAG-0401.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Atari - Lynx-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Atari - Lynx.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Atari - Pong C-140.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Atari - Pong C-200.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Atari - Pong-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Atari - Pong.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Atari - ST (Tapes)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Atari - ST (Tapes).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Atari - ST-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Atari - ST.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Atari - VCS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Atari - VCS.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Atari - XEGS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Atari - XEGS.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/BBC - Bridge Companion-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Bally - Astrocade-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Bally - Astrocade.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Bandai - Playdia-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Bandai - Playdia.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Bandai - Super Vision 8000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Bandai - Super Vision 8000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Bandai - WonderSwan Color WSC-001.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Bandai - WonderSwan Color-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Bandai - WonderSwan Color.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Bandai - WonderSwan-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Bandai - WonderSwan.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Benesse - Pocket Challenge V2-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Benesse - Pocket Challenge V2.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Benesse - Pocket Challenge W-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Benesse - Pocket Challenge W.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Bit Corporation - Gamate-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Bit Corporation - Gamate.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/CHIP-8-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/CHIP-8.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Cannonball-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Cannonball.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Capcom - CP System I-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Capcom - CP System I.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Capcom - CP System II-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Capcom - CP System II.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Capcom - CP System III CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Capcom - CP System III-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Capcom - CP System III-content_combo.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Capcom - CP System III-content_mobo.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Capcom - CP System III.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Casio - Loopy-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Casio - Loopy.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Casio - PV-1000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Casio - PV-1000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Cave Story-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Cave Story.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/ChaiLove-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/ChaiLove.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Coleco - ColecoVision ADAM-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Coleco - ColecoVision ADAM.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Coleco - ColecoVision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Coleco - ColecoVision.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Coleco - Telstar 6030.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Coleco - Telstar 6040.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Coleco - Telstar 6045.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Coleco - Telstar 6065.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Coleco - Telstar 6071.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Coleco - Telstar 6135.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Commodore - 64 (PP)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Commodore - 64 (PP).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Commodore - 64 (Tapes)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Commodore - 64 (Tapes).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Commodore - 64 64C.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Commodore - 64 Games System.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Commodore - 64-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Commodore - 64.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Commodore - Amiga-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Commodore - Amiga.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Commodore - CD32-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Commodore - CD32.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Commodore - CDTV-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Commodore - CDTV.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Commodore - Plus-4-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Commodore - Plus-4.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Commodore - VIC-20-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Commodore - VIC-20.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/DOOM-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/DOOM.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/DOS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/DOS.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Dinothawr-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Dinothawr.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Dungeon Crawl Stone Soup-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Dungeon Crawl Stone Soup.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Emerson - Arcadia 2001-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Emerson - Arcadia 2001.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Entex - Adventure Vision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Entex - Adventure Vision.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Entex - Select-A-Game-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Entex - Select-A-Game.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Epoch - Cassette Vision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Epoch - Cassette Vision.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Epoch - Game Pocket Computer-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Epoch - Game Pocket Computer.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Epoch - Super Cassette Vision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Epoch - Super Cassette Vision.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Epoch - TV Tennis Electrotennis-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Epoch - TV Tennis Electrotennis.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/FBNeo - Arcade Games-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/FBNeo - Arcade Games.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/FFmpeg-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/FFmpeg.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Fairchild - Channel F System II.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Fairchild - Channel F-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Fairchild - Channel F.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Flashback-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Flashback.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Fujitsu - FM Towns Marty-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Fujitsu - FM Towns Marty.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Fukutake Publishing - StudyBox-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Fukutake Publishing - StudyBox.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Funtech - Super Acan-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Funtech - Super Acan.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/GCE - Vectrex-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/GCE - Vectrex.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Gakken - Compact Vision TV Boy-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Gakken - Compact Vision TV Boy.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Game-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Game.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/GamePark - GP32-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/GamePark - GP32.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Google - Nexus Player-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Google - Nexus Player.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Google - Stadia-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Google - Stadia.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Handheld Electronic Game-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Handheld Electronic Game.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Hartung - Game Master-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Hartung - Game Master.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Interton - VC 4000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Interton - VC 4000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Interton - Video 2000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Interton - Video 2000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Konami - Picno-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Konami - Picno.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/LeapFrog - LeapPad-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/LeapFrog - LeapPad.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/LeapFrog - Leapster Learning Game System 1.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/LeapFrog - Leapster Learning Game System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/LeapFrog - Leapster Learning Game System.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/LeapFrog - My First LeapPad-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/LeapFrog - My First LeapPad.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Libretro - Pad.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Lutro-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Lutro.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/MAME 2000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/MAME 2000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/MAME 2003-Plus-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/MAME 2003-Plus.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/MAME 2003-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/MAME 2003.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/MAME 2010-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/MAME 2010.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/MAME 2015-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/MAME 2015.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/MAME 2016-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/MAME 2016.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/MAME-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/MAME.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Magnavox - Odyssey 100.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Magnavox - Odyssey 200.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Magnavox - Odyssey 2000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Magnavox - Odyssey 2001.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Magnavox - Odyssey 2100.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Magnavox - Odyssey 300.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Magnavox - Odyssey 3000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Magnavox - Odyssey 400.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Magnavox - Odyssey 4000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Magnavox - Odyssey 500.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Magnavox - Odyssey-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Magnavox - Odyssey.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Magnavox - Odyssey2-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Magnavox - Odyssey2.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Mattel - HyperScan Alt.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Mattel - HyperScan-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Mattel - HyperScan.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Mattel - Intellivision 49-75011.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Mattel - Intellivision 5872.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Mattel - Intellivision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Mattel - Intellivision.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Microsoft - MSX-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Microsoft - MSX.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Microsoft - MSX2-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Microsoft - MSX2.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Microsoft - Xbox 360 (Digital)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Microsoft - Xbox 360 (Digital).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Microsoft - Xbox 360 E T.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Microsoft - Xbox 360 E.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Microsoft - Xbox 360 S T.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Microsoft - Xbox 360 S.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Microsoft - Xbox 360 T.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Microsoft - Xbox 360-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Microsoft - Xbox 360.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Microsoft - Xbox One S T.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Microsoft - Xbox One S.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Microsoft - Xbox One X K.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Microsoft - Xbox One-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Microsoft - Xbox One.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Microsoft - Xbox Series X-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Microsoft - Xbox Series X.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Microsoft - Xbox-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Microsoft - Xbox.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Milton Bradley - Microvision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Milton Bradley - Microvision.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Minecraft-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Minecraft.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/MrBoom-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/MrBoom.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16 HES-EXP-01 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16 HES-TGX-01 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16 PI-TG2 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16 PI-TG3 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16 PI-TG7 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16 PI-TG9 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD CDR-30 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD HES-CDR-01 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD HES-DUO-01 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD PI-CD1 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/NEC - PC Engine SuperGrafx-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/NEC - PC Engine SuperGrafx.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/NEC - PC-98-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/NEC - PC-98.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/NEC - PC-FX-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/NEC - PC-FX.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Neo Geo-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Neo Geo.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Color TV-Game CTG-15V.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Color TV-Game CTG-6.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Color TV-Game CTG-BK6.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Color TV-Game CTG-CR112.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Color TV-Game CTG-HC10.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Family Computer Disk System AN500.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Family Computer Disk System AN505.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Family Computer Disk System HVC-101.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Family Computer Disk System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Family Computer Disk System.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance (e-Reader)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance (e-Reader).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGS-001.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance OXY-001.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Game Boy Color-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Game Boy Color.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Game Boy MGB-001.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Game Boy-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Game Boy.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - GameCube SL-GC10.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - GameCube-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - GameCube.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS JAN-001.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS KTR-001.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (DLC)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (DLC).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (Digital)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (Digital).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS CTR-001.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS FTR-001.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Nintendo 64-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Nintendo 64.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Nintendo 64DD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Nintendo 64DD.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Nintendo DS (Download Play)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Nintendo DS (Download Play).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Nintendo DS Decrypted-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Nintendo DS Decrypted.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Nintendo DS NTR-001.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Nintendo DS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Nintendo DS.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi (DLC)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi (DLC).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi Decrypted-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi Decrypted.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi TWL-001.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System HVC-001.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System HVC-101.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System NES-101.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System-content (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Pokemon Mini-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Pokemon Mini.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Satellaview-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Satellaview.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Sufami Turbo SHVC-101.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Sufami Turbo SNS-001.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Sufami Turbo SNS-101.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Sufami Turbo-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Sufami Turbo.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System SHVC-101.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System SNS-001.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System SNS-101.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System SNSP-001.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System-content (1) (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System-content (2) (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System-content (E).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Switch HAC-001.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Switch HAC-007.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Switch HDH-001.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Switch-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Switch.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Virtual Boy-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Virtual Boy.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Wii (Digital)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Wii (Digital).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Wii RVL-001 T.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Wii RVL-201.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Wii U WUP-001 T.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Wii U-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Wii U.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Wii-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Wii.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - e-Reader-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - e-Reader.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Nokia - N-Gage QD.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Nokia - N-Gage-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Nokia - N-Gage.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Nvidia - Shield TV.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Ouya - Ouya.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Philips - CD-i-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Philips - CD-i.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Philips - Videopac+-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Philips - Videopac+.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/PlayJam - Game Stick.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Quake II-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Quake II.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Quake III-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Quake III.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Quake-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Quake.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/RCA - Studio II-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/RCA - Studio II.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/RPG Maker-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/RPG Maker.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Rick Dangerous-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Rick Dangerous.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/SNK - Neo Geo CD Tray.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/SNK - Neo Geo CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/SNK - Neo Geo CD.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/SNK - Neo Geo CDZ.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/SNK - Neo Geo Mini.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket Color.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/SNK - Neo Geo X-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/SNK - Neo Geo X.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/SNK - Neo Geo-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/SNK - Neo Geo.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/SSD - Xavixport-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/SSD - Xavixport.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/ScummVM-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/ScummVM.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Sega - 32X MK-1601-84000 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Sega - 32X Neptune (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Sega - 32X-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Sega - 32X.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Sega - Dreamcast-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Sega - Dreamcast.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Sega - Game Gear-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Sega - Game Gear.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Sega - Master System - Mark III MK-3006.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Sega - Master System - Mark III SG-1000M3 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Sega - Master System - Mark III-content (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Sega - Master System - Mark III-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Sega - Master System - Mark III.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis HAA-2502 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis HAA-2510 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis HMJ-0300 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis MK-1461 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis MK-1631 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis MK-6100 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis-content (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD HAA-2502-2912 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD HAA-2510-2910 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD HAA-2510-2912 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD MK-1601-1690 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD MK-1601-4102 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD MK-1631-4102 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD RG-M1 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD RG-M2 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Sega - PICO-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Sega - PICO.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Sega - SG-1000 II.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Sega - SG-1000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Sega - SG-1000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Sega - Saturn HST-3200 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Sega - Saturn Pluto (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Sega - Saturn-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Sega - Saturn.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Sharp - X68000 T.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Sharp - X68000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Sharp - X68000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Sinclair - ZX 81-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Sinclair - ZX 81.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Sinclair - ZX Spectrum +3-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Sinclair - ZX Spectrum +3.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Sinclair - ZX Spectrum-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Sinclair - ZX Spectrum.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation 2 PSX-5000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation 2 SCPH-10000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation 2 SCPH-70000 T.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation 2 SCPH-70000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation 2 SCPH-90000 T.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation 2 SCPH-90000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation 2-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation 2.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation 3 (DLC)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation 3 (DLC).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation 3 (Downloadable)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation 3 (Downloadable).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation 3 (PSN)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation 3 (PSN).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation 3-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation 4 CUH-1000 T.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation 4 CUH-2000 T.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation 4 CUH-2000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation 4 CUH-7000 T.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation 4 CUH-7000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation 4-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation 4.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation Portable (DLC)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation Portable (DLC).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation Portable (PSN)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation Portable (PSN).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation Portable (PSX2PSP)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation Portable (PSX2PSP).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation Portable (UMD Music)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation Portable (UMD Music).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation Portable (UMD Video)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation Portable (UMD Video).png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation Portable PSP-E1000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation Portable PSP-N1000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation Portable-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation Portable.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation SCPH-100-131 Flat.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation SCPH-100-131.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation SCPH-100.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation Vita PCH-2000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation Vita VTE-1000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation Vita-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation Vita.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Sony - Playstation 3 CECH-2000 T.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Sony - Playstation 3 CECH-2000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Sony - Playstation 3 CECH-4000 T.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Sony - Playstation 3 CECH-4000.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Sony - Playstation 3 CECHA00 KT.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Sony - Playstation 3.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Spectravideo - SV 328.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Spectravideo - SVI-318 - SVI-328-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Spectravideo - SVI-318 - SVI-328.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/TIC-80-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/TIC-80.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Tapwave - Zodiac-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Tapwave - Zodiac.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/The 3DO Company - 3DO FZ-10.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/The 3DO Company - 3DO GDO-101.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/The 3DO Company - 3DO GDO-203P.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/The 3DO Company - 3DO IMP-21J.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/The 3DO Company - 3DO-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/The 3DO Company - 3DO.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Thomson - MOTO Cartridge.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Thomson - MOTO TO8.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Thomson - MOTO-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Thomson - MOTO.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Tiger - Game.com-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Tiger - Game.com.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Tiger - Gizmondo-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Tiger - Gizmondo.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Tomb Raider-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Tomb Raider.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Umtech - VideoBrain-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Umtech - VideoBrain.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Uzebox-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Uzebox.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/VTech - CreatiVision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/VTech - CreatiVision.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/VTech - Socrates Alt.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/VTech - Socrates-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/VTech - Socrates.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/VTech - V.Flash-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/VTech - V.Flash.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/VTech - V.Smile-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/VTech - V.Smile.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Valve - Steam Link.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Watara - Supervision Original.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Watara - Supervision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Watara - Supervision.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/ZAPiT - Game Wave-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/ZAPiT - Game Wave.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/Zeebo - Zeebo.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/achievement-list.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/add-favorite.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/add.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/arrow.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/battery-20.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/battery-40.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/battery-60.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/battery-80.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/battery-charging.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/battery-full.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/bluetooth.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/clock.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/close.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/core-cheat-options.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/core-disk-options.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/core-infos.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/core-input-remapping-options.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/core-options.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/core-shader-options.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/core.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/cursor.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/database.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/default-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/default.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/dialog-slice.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/favorites-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/favorites.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/file.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/folder.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/history.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/iQue - iQue-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/iQue - iQue.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/image.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/images.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/input_ADC.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/input_BIND_ALL.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/input_BTN-D.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/input_BTN-L.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/input_BTN-R.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/input_BTN-U.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/input_DPAD-D.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/input_DPAD-L.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/input_DPAD-R.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/input_DPAD-U.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/input_LB.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/input_LGUN.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/input_LT.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/input_MOUSE.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/input_RB.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/input_RT.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/input_SELECT.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/input_START.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/input_STCK-D.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/input_STCK-L.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/input_STCK-P.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/input_STCK-R.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/input_STCK-U.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/input_TURBO.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/key-hover.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/key.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/lakka.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/loadstate.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/menu_achievements.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/menu_add.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/menu_apply_cog.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/menu_apply_toggle.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/menu_audio.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/menu_brightness.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/menu_check.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/menu_drivers.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/menu_exit.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/menu_frameskip.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/menu_help.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/menu_hourglass.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/menu_info.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/menu_latency.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/menu_log.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/menu_mixer.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/menu_network.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/menu_notifications.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/menu_osd.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/menu_overlay.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/menu_override.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/menu_pause.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/menu_playlist.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/menu_power.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/menu_privacy.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/menu_quickmenu.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/menu_record.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/menu_rewind.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/menu_room.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/menu_room_lan.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/menu_room_relay.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/menu_saving.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/menu_shutdown.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/menu_stream.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/menu_ui.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/menu_updater.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/menu_user.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/menu_video.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/menu_volume_max.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/menu_volume_med.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/menu_volume_min.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/menu_volume_mute.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/movie.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/movies.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/music.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/musics.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/netplay.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/off.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/on.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/pointer.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/reload.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/rename.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/resume.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/retroarch.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/run.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/savestate.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/screenshot.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/setting.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/settings.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/subsetting.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/undo.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/wifi.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/png/64/zip.png
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/icons/xmb/sample.txt
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/backgrounds/bg.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/1292 Advanced Programmable Video System-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/1292 Advanced Programmable Video System.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/2048-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/2048.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/ACT - Apricot PC Xi-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/ACT - Apricot PC Xi.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/APF - Imagination Machine-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/APF - Imagination Machine.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/APF - MP-1000-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/APF - MP-1000.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Acorn - Archimedes-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Acorn - Archimedes.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Acorn - Atom (Tapes).svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Acorn - Atom-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Acorn - Atom.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Acorn - BBC Micro-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Acorn - BBC Micro.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Acorn - Risc PC-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Acorn - Risc PC.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Amazon - Fire TV (2nd Gen).svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Amazon - Fire TV (3rd Gen).svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Amazon - Fire TV Cube.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Amazon - Fire TV-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Amazon - Fire TV.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Amazon - Luna-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Amazon - Luna.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Amstrad - CPC-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Amstrad - CPC.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Amstrad - GX4000-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Amstrad - GX4000.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Apple - I (Tapes)-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Apple - I (Tapes).svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Apple - I-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Apple - I.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Apple - II Plus-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Apple - II Plus.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Apple - II-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Apple - II.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Apple - IIGS-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Apple - IIGS.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Apple - IIe-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Apple - IIe.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Apple - Macintosh (BETA)-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Apple - Macintosh (BETA).svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Apple - Macintosh-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Apple - Macintosh.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Apple-Bandai - Pippin-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Apple-Bandai - Pippin.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Arduboy Inc - Arduboy-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Arduboy Inc - Arduboy.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Atari - 2600 637.75000.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Atari - 2600 CX2600A.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Atari - 2600 CX2600JR.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Atari - 2600 CX2700.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Atari - 2600 Flashback 2.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Atari - 2600 Flashback.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Atari - 2600-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Atari - 2600.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Atari - 5200-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Atari - 5200.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Atari - 7800-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Atari - 7800.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Atari - 8-bit-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Atari - 8-bit.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Atari - Jaguar CD-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Atari - Jaguar CD.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Atari - Jaguar-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Atari - Jaguar.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Atari - Lynx PAG-0401.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Atari - Lynx-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Atari - Lynx.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Atari - Pong C-140.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Atari - Pong C-200.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Atari - Pong-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Atari - Pong.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Atari - ST (Tapes)-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Atari - ST (Tapes).svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Atari - ST-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Atari - ST.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Atari - VCS-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Atari - VCS.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Atari - XEGS-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Atari - XEGS.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Atomiswave-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Atomiswave.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/BBC - Bridge Companion-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/BBC - Bridge Companion.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Bally - Astrocade (Tapes)-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Bally - Astrocade (Tapes).svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Bally - Astrocade-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Bally - Astrocade.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Bandai - Design Master Denshi Mangajuku-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Bandai - Design Master Denshi Mangajuku.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Bandai - Gundam RX-78-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Bandai - Gundam RX-78.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Bandai - Playdia-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Bandai - Playdia.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Bandai - Super Vision 8000-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Bandai - Super Vision 8000.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Bandai - Terebikko-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Bandai - Terebikko.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Bandai - WonderSwan Color WSC-001.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Bandai - WonderSwan Color-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Bandai - WonderSwan Color.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Bandai - WonderSwan-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Bandai - WonderSwan.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Benesse - Pocket Challenge V2-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Benesse - Pocket Challenge V2.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Benesse - Pocket Challenge W-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Benesse - Pocket Challenge W.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Bit Corporation - Gamate-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Bit Corporation - Gamate.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/CHIP-8-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/CHIP-8.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Cannonball-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Cannonball.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Capcom - CP System I-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Capcom - CP System I.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Capcom - CP System II-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Capcom - CP System II.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Capcom - CP System III CD-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Capcom - CP System III-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Capcom - CP System III-content_combo.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Capcom - CP System III-content_mobo.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Capcom - CP System III.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Casio - Loopy-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Casio - Loopy.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Casio - PV-1000-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Casio - PV-1000.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Cave Story-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Cave Story.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/ChaiLove-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/ChaiLove.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Coleco - ColecoVision ADAM-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Coleco - ColecoVision ADAM.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Coleco - ColecoVision-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Coleco - ColecoVision.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Coleco - Telstar 6030.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Coleco - Telstar 6040.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Coleco - Telstar 6045.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Coleco - Telstar 6065.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Coleco - Telstar 6071.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Coleco - Telstar 6135.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Commodore - 128-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Commodore - 128.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Commodore - 64 (PP)-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Commodore - 64 (PP).svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Commodore - 64 (Tapes)-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Commodore - 64 (Tapes).svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Commodore - 64 64C.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Commodore - 64 Games System.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Commodore - 64-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Commodore - 64.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Commodore - Amiga-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Commodore - Amiga.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Commodore - CD32-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Commodore - CD32.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Commodore - CDTV-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Commodore - CDTV.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Commodore - PET-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Commodore - PET.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Commodore - Plus-4-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Commodore - Plus-4.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Commodore - VIC-20-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Commodore - VIC-20.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Connor - VideoSmarts-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Connor - VideoSmarts.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/DOOM-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/DOOM.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/DOS-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/DOS.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Digital Media Cartridge - Firecore Portable 2.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Digital Media Cartridge - Firecore-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Digital Media Cartridge - Firecore.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Dinothawr-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Dinothawr.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Dungeon Crawl Stone Soup-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Dungeon Crawl Stone Soup.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Emerson - Arcadia 2001-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Emerson - Arcadia 2001.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Entex - Adventure Vision-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Entex - Adventure Vision.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Entex - Select-A-Game-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Entex - Select-A-Game.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Epoch - Cassette Vision Jr.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Epoch - Cassette Vision-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Epoch - Cassette Vision.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Epoch - Game Pocket Computer-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Epoch - Game Pocket Computer.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Epoch - Super Cassette Vision-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Epoch - Super Cassette Vision.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Epoch - TV Tennis Electrotennis-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Epoch - TV Tennis Electrotennis.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/FBNeo - Arcade Games-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/FBNeo - Arcade Games.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/FFmpeg-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/FFmpeg.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Fairchild - Channel F System II.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Fairchild - Channel F-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Fairchild - Channel F.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Flashback-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Flashback.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Fujitsu - FM Towns Marty-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Fujitsu - FM Towns Marty.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Fujitsu - FM Towns-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Fujitsu - FM Towns.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Fujitsu - FM-7 (Tapes)-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Fujitsu - FM-7 (Tapes).svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Fujitsu - FM-7-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Fujitsu - FM-7.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Fukutake Publishing - StudyBox-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Fukutake Publishing - StudyBox.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Funtech - Super Acan-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Funtech - Super Acan.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/GCE - Vectrex-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/GCE - Vectrex.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Gakken - Compact Vision TV Boy-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Gakken - Compact Vision TV Boy.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Game-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Game.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/GamePark - Caanoo.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/GamePark - GP2X (Digital)-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/GamePark - GP2X (Digital).svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/GamePark - GP2X F200.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/GamePark - GP2X Wiz.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/GamePark - GP2X-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/GamePark - GP2X.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/GamePark - GP32-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/GamePark - GP32.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Google - Nexus Player-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Google - Nexus Player.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Google - Stadia-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Google - Stadia.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/HBMAME-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/HBMAME.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Handheld Electronic Game-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Handheld Electronic Game.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Hartung - Game Master-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Hartung - Game Master.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Hitachi - S1-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Hitachi - S1.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Infocom - Z-Machine-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Infocom - Z-Machine.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Interton - VC 4000-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Interton - VC 4000.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Interton - Video 2000-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Interton - Video 2000.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Jump 'n Bump-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Jump 'n Bump.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Konami - Picno-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Konami - Picno.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/LJN - Video Art.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/LeapFrog - Explorer-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/LeapFrog - Explorer.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/LeapFrog - LeapPad-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/LeapFrog - LeapPad.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/LeapFrog - Leapster Learning Game System 1.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/LeapFrog - Leapster Learning Game System-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/LeapFrog - Leapster Learning Game System.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/LeapFrog - My First LeapPad-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/LeapFrog - My First LeapPad.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Libretro - Pad.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/LowRes NX-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/LowRes NX.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Lutro-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Lutro.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Luxor - ABC 800-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Luxor - ABC 800.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/MAME 2000-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/MAME 2000.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/MAME 2003-Plus-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/MAME 2003-Plus.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/MAME 2003-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/MAME 2003.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/MAME 2010-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/MAME 2010.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/MAME 2015-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/MAME 2015.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/MAME 2016-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/MAME 2016.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/MAME-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/MAME.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Magnavox - Odyssey 100.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Magnavox - Odyssey 200.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Magnavox - Odyssey 2000.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Magnavox - Odyssey 2001.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Magnavox - Odyssey 2100.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Magnavox - Odyssey 300.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Magnavox - Odyssey 3000.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Magnavox - Odyssey 400.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Magnavox - Odyssey 4000.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Magnavox - Odyssey 500.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Magnavox - Odyssey-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Magnavox - Odyssey.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Magnavox - Odyssey2-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Magnavox - Odyssey2.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Mattel - HyperScan Alt.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Mattel - HyperScan-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Mattel - HyperScan.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Mattel - Intellivision 49-75011.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Mattel - Intellivision 5872.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Mattel - Intellivision-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Mattel - Intellivision.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/MicroW8-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/MicroW8.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Microsoft - MSX-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Microsoft - MSX.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Microsoft - MSX2-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Microsoft - MSX2.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Microsoft - Xbox 360 (Digital)-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Microsoft - Xbox 360 (Digital).svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Microsoft - Xbox 360 E T.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Microsoft - Xbox 360 E.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Microsoft - Xbox 360 S T.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Microsoft - Xbox 360 S.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Microsoft - Xbox 360 T.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Microsoft - Xbox 360-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Microsoft - Xbox 360.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Microsoft - Xbox One S T.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Microsoft - Xbox One S.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Microsoft - Xbox One X K.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Microsoft - Xbox One-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Microsoft - Xbox One.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Microsoft - Xbox Series X-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Microsoft - Xbox Series X.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Microsoft - Xbox-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Microsoft - Xbox.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Milton Bradley - Microvision-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Milton Bradley - Microvision.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Minecraft-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Minecraft.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/MrBoom-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/MrBoom.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16 HES-EXP-01 (U).svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16 HES-TGX-01 (U).svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16 PI-TG2 (J).svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16 PI-TG3 (J).svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16 PI-TG7 (J).svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16 PI-TG9 (J).svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD CDR-30 (J).svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD HES-CDR-01 (U).svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD HES-DUO-01 (U).svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD PI-CD1 (J).svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/NEC - PC Engine SuperGrafx-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/NEC - PC Engine SuperGrafx.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/NEC - PC-98-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/NEC - PC-98.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/NEC - PC-FX-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/NEC - PC-FX.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Neo Geo-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Neo Geo.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Nichibutsu - My Vision-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Nichibutsu - My Vision.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Nintendo - Color TV-Game CTG-15V.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Nintendo - Color TV-Game CTG-6.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Nintendo - Color TV-Game CTG-BK6.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Nintendo - Color TV-Game CTG-CR112.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Nintendo - Color TV-Game CTG-HC10.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Nintendo - Family Computer Disk System AN500.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Nintendo - Family Computer Disk System AN505.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Nintendo - Family Computer Disk System HVC-101.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Nintendo - Family Computer Disk System-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Nintendo - Family Computer Disk System.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance (e-Reader)-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance (e-Reader).svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGS-001.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance OXY-001.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Nintendo - Game Boy Color-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Nintendo - Game Boy Color.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Nintendo - Game Boy MGB-001.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Nintendo - Game Boy-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Nintendo - Game Boy.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Nintendo - GameCube SL-GC10.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Nintendo - GameCube-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Nintendo - GameCube.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS JAN-001.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS KTR-001.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (Digital)-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (Digital).svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS CTR-001.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS FTR-001.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Nintendo - Nintendo 64-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Nintendo - Nintendo 64.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Nintendo - Nintendo 64DD-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Nintendo - Nintendo 64DD.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Nintendo - Nintendo DS (Download Play)-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Nintendo - Nintendo DS (Download Play).svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Nintendo - Nintendo DS NTR-001.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Nintendo - Nintendo DS-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Nintendo - Nintendo DS.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi (DLC)-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi (DLC).svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi TWL-001.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System HVC-001.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System HVC-101.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System NES-101.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System-content (J).svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Nintendo - Pokemon Mini-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Nintendo - Pokemon Mini.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Nintendo - Satellaview-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Nintendo - Satellaview.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Nintendo - Sufami Turbo SHVC-101.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Nintendo - Sufami Turbo SNS-001.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Nintendo - Sufami Turbo SNS-101.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Nintendo - Sufami Turbo-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Nintendo - Sufami Turbo.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System SHVC-101.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System SNS-001.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System SNS-101.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System SNSP-001.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System-content (1) (U).svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System-content (2) (U).svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System-content (E).svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Nintendo - Switch HAC-001.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Nintendo - Switch HAC-007.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Nintendo - Switch HDH-001.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Nintendo - Switch-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Nintendo - Switch.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Nintendo - Virtual Boy-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Nintendo - Virtual Boy.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Nintendo - Wii (Digital)-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Nintendo - Wii (Digital).svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Nintendo - Wii RVL-001 T.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Nintendo - Wii RVL-201.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Nintendo - Wii U WUP-001 T.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Nintendo - Wii U-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Nintendo - Wii U.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Nintendo - Wii-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Nintendo - Wii.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Nintendo - e-Reader-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Nintendo - e-Reader.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Nokia - N-Gage QD.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Nokia - N-Gage-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Nokia - N-Gage.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Nvidia - Shield Portable-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Nvidia - Shield Portable.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Nvidia - Shield TV P3430.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Nvidia - Shield TV.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Ouya - Ouya.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/PC-50X - Palladium Tele Cassetten Game 825-530.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/PC-50X - Palladium Tele Cassetten Game 825-581.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/PC-50X - SHG Black Point FS-1003.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Palmtex - Super Micro-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Palmtex - Super Micro.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Panic - Playdate.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Philips - CD-i-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Philips - CD-i.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Philips - Tele-Game ES-2203.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Philips - Tele-Game.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Philips - Videopac+-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Philips - Videopac+.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Pioneer - LaserActive.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Pioneer - Laseractive-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/PlayJam - Game Stick.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/PuzzleScript-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/PuzzleScript.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Quake II-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Quake II.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Quake III-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Quake III.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Quake-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Quake.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/RCA - Studio II-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/RCA - Studio II.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/RPG Maker-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/RPG Maker.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Rick Dangerous-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Rick Dangerous.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/SNK - Neo Geo CD Tray.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/SNK - Neo Geo CD-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/SNK - Neo Geo CD.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/SNK - Neo Geo CDZ.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/SNK - Neo Geo Mini.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket Color.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/SNK - Neo Geo X-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/SNK - Neo Geo X.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/SNK - Neo Geo-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/SNK - Neo Geo.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/SSD - Xavixport-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/SSD - Xavixport.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/ScummVM-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/ScummVM.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sega - 32X MK-1601-84000 (U).svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sega - 32X Neptune (U).svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sega - 32X-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sega - 32X.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sega - Beena-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sega - Beena.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sega - Chihiro-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sega - Chihiro.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sega - Dreamcast-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sega - Dreamcast.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sega - Game Gear-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sega - Game Gear.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sega - Master System - Mark III MK-3006.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sega - Master System - Mark III SG-1000M3 (J).svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sega - Master System - Mark III-content (J).svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sega - Master System - Mark III-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sega - Master System - Mark III.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis (Kr).svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis FB3680.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis HAA-2502 (J).svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis HAA-2510 (J).svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis HMJ-0300 (J).svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis MK-1461 (U).svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis MK-1631 (U).svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis MK-6100 (U).svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis-content (J).svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD CSD-GM1 (J).svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD HAA-2502-2912 (J).svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD HAA-2510-2910 (J).svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD HAA-2510-2912 (J).svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD MK-1601-1690 (U).svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD MK-1601-4102 (U).svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD MK-1631-4102 (U).svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD RG-M1 (J).svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD RG-M2 (J).svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sega - Naomi 2-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sega - Naomi 2.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sega - Naomi-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sega - Naomi.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sega - PICO-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sega - PICO.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sega - SG-1000 II.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sega - SG-1000-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sega - SG-1000.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sega - Saturn HST-3200 (J).svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sega - Saturn MMP-1000NV-NX-4YD.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sega - Saturn MMP-1000NV.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sega - Saturn Pluto (U).svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sega - Saturn-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sega - Saturn.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sega - VMU.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sega - Video Driver-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sega - Video Driver.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sharp - X1-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sharp - X1.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sharp - X68000 T.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sharp - X68000-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sharp - X68000.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sinclair - ZX 81-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sinclair - ZX 81.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sinclair - ZX Spectrum +3-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sinclair - ZX Spectrum +3.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sinclair - ZX Spectrum-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sinclair - ZX Spectrum.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation (PocketStation).svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation 2 PSX-5000.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation 2 SCPH-10000.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation 2 SCPH-70000 T.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation 2 SCPH-70000.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation 2 SCPH-90000 T.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation 2 SCPH-90000.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation 2-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation 2.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation 3 (DLC)-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation 3 (DLC).svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation 3 (Downloadable)-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation 3 (Downloadable).svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation 3 (PSN)-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation 3 (PSN).svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation 3-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation 4 CUH-1000 T.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation 4 CUH-2000 T.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation 4 CUH-2000.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation 4 CUH-7000 T.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation 4 CUH-7000.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation 4-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation 4.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation 5-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation 5.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation Portable (DLC)-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation Portable (DLC).svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation Portable (PSN)-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation Portable (PSN).svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation Portable (PSX2PSP)-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation Portable (PSX2PSP).svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation Portable (UMD Music)-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation Portable (UMD Music).svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation Portable (UMD Video)-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation Portable (UMD Video).svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation Portable PSP-E1000.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation Portable PSP-N1000.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation Portable-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation Portable.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation SCPH-100-131 Flat.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation SCPH-100-131.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation SCPH-100.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation Vita PCH-2000.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation Vita VTE-1000.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation Vita-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation Vita.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sony - Playstation 3 CECH-2000 T.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sony - Playstation 3 CECH-2000.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sony - Playstation 3 CECH-4000 T.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sony - Playstation 3 CECH-4000.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sony - Playstation 3 CECHA00 KT.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sony - Playstation 3.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Sony - Playstation 5 CFI-2000.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Spectravideo - SV 328.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Spectravideo - SVI-318 - SVI-328-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Spectravideo - SVI-318 - SVI-328.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/TIC-80-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/TIC-80.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Takara - Video Challenger-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Takara - Video Challenger.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Tandy - Video Information System-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Tandy - Video Information System.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Tapwave - Zodiac-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Tapwave - Zodiac.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/The 3DO Company - 3DO FZ-10.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/The 3DO Company - 3DO GDO-101.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/The 3DO Company - 3DO GDO-203P.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/The 3DO Company - 3DO IMP-21J.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/The 3DO Company - 3DO-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/The 3DO Company - 3DO.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Thomson - MOTO Cartridge.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Thomson - MOTO TO8D.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Thomson - MOTO-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Thomson - MOTO.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Tiger - Game.com-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Tiger - Game.com.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Tiger - Gizmondo-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Tiger - Gizmondo.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Tiger - R-Zone DataZone.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Tiger - R-Zone SuperScreen.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Tiger - R-Zone XPG.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Tiger - R-Zone-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Tiger - R-Zone.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Tomb Raider-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Tomb Raider.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Tomy - Tutor-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Tomy - Tutor.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Umtech - VideoBrain-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Umtech - VideoBrain.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Unisonic - Champion 2711-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Unisonic - Champion 2711.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Uzebox-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Uzebox.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/VM Labs - NUON-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/VM Labs - NUON.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/VTech - 3D Gamate-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/VTech - 3D Gamate.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/VTech - CreatiVision-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/VTech - CreatiVision.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/VTech - Socrates Alt.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/VTech - Socrates-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/VTech - Socrates.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/VTech - V.Flash-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/VTech - V.Flash.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/VTech - V.Smile-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/VTech - V.Smile.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Valve - Steam Deck-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Valve - Steam Deck.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Valve - Steam Link.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/View-Master - Interactive Vision-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/View-Master - Interactive Vision.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Vircon32-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Vircon32.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/WASM-4-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/WASM-4.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Watara - Supervision Original.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Watara - Supervision-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Watara - Supervision.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Welback - Mega Duck-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Welback - Mega Duck.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Wolfenstein 3D-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Wolfenstein 3D.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Worlds of Wonder - Action Max-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Worlds of Wonder - Action Max.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Yamaha - Copera-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Yamaha - Copera.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/ZAPiT - Game Wave-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/ZAPiT - Game Wave.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/Zeebo - Zeebo.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/achievement-list.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/add-favorite.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/add.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/arrow.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/battery-20.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/battery-40.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/battery-60.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/battery-80.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/battery-charging.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/battery-full.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/bluetooth.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/clock.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/close.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/core-cheat-options.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/core-disk-options.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/core-infos.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/core-input-remapping-options.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/core-options.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/core-shader-options.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/core.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/cursor.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/database.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/default-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/default.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/dialog-slice.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/favorites-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/favorites.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/file.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/folder.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/history.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/iQue - iQue-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/iQue - iQue.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/image.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/images.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/input_ADC.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/input_BIND_ALL.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/input_BTN-D.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/input_BTN-L.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/input_BTN-R.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/input_BTN-U.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/input_DPAD-D.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/input_DPAD-L.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/input_DPAD-R.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/input_DPAD-U.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/input_LB.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/input_LGUN.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/input_LT.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/input_MOUSE.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/input_RB.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/input_RT.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/input_SELECT.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/input_START.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/input_STCK-D.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/input_STCK-L.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/input_STCK-P.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/input_STCK-R.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/input_STCK-U.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/input_TURBO.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/key-hover.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/key.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/lakka.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/loadstate.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/menu_achievements.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/menu_add.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/menu_apply_cog.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/menu_apply_toggle.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/menu_audio.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/menu_brightness.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/menu_check.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/menu_drivers.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/menu_exit.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/menu_frameskip.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/menu_help.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/menu_hourglass.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/menu_info.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/menu_latency.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/menu_log.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/menu_mixer.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/menu_network.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/menu_notifications.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/menu_osd.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/menu_overlay.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/menu_override.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/menu_pause.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/menu_playlist.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/menu_power.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/menu_privacy.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/menu_quickmenu.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/menu_record.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/menu_rewind.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/menu_room.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/menu_room_lan.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/menu_room_relay.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/menu_saving.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/menu_shutdown.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/menu_stream.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/menu_ui.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/menu_updater.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/menu_user.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/menu_video.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/menu_volume_max.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/menu_volume_med.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/menu_volume_min.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/menu_volume_mute.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/movie.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/movies.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/music.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/musics.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/netplay.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/off.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/on.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/pointer.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/reload.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/rename.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/resume.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/retroarch.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/run.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/savestate.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/screenshot.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/setting.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/settings.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/subsetting.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/undo.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/wifi.svg
share/libretro/assets/Automatic/src/svg/zip.svg
share/libretro/assets/COPYING
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/README.md
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/backgrounds/flatux_4kuhd.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/backgrounds/flatux_8kuhd.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/backgrounds/flatux_fhd.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/backgrounds/flatux_hd.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/backgrounds/flatux_sd.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/common/sample.txt
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/glui/sample.txt
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/ozone/sample.txt
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/1292 Advanced Programmable Video System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/1292 Advanced Programmable Video System.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/2048-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/2048.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/ACT - Apricot PC Xi-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/ACT - Apricot PC Xi.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/APF - Imagination Machine-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/APF - Imagination Machine.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/APF - MP-1000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/APF - MP-1000.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Acorn - Archimedes-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Acorn - Archimedes.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Acorn - Atom-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Acorn - Atom.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Acorn - BBC Micro-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Acorn - BBC Micro.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Amazon - Fire TV-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Amazon - Fire TV.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Amazon - Luna-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Amazon - Luna.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Amstrad - CPC-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Amstrad - CPC.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Amstrad - GX4000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Amstrad - GX4000.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Apple - I-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Apple - I.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Apple - II Plus-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Apple - II Plus.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Apple - II-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Apple - II.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Apple - IIe-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Apple - IIe.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Apple - Macintosh-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Apple - Macintosh.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Apple-Bandai - Pippin-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Apple-Bandai - Pippin.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Atari - 2600-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Atari - 2600.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Atari - 5200-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Atari - 5200.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Atari - 7800-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Atari - 7800.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Atari - 8-bit-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Atari - 8-bit.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Atari - Jaguar CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Atari - Jaguar CD.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Atari - Jaguar-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Atari - Jaguar.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Atari - Lynx-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Atari - Lynx.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Atari - Pong-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Atari - Pong.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Atari - ST (Tapes)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Atari - ST (Tapes).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Atari - ST-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Atari - ST.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Atari - VCS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Atari - VCS.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Atari - XEGS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Atari - XEGS.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/BBC - Bridge Companion-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/BBC - Bridge Companion.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Bally - Astrocade (Tapes)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Bally - Astrocade (Tapes).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Bally - Astrocade-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Bally - Astrocade.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Bandai - Design Master Denshi Mangajuku-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Bandai - Design Master Denshi Mangajuku.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Bandai - Gundam RX-78-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Bandai - Gundam RX-78.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Bandai - Playdia-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Bandai - Playdia.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Bandai - Super Vision 8000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Bandai - Super Vision 8000.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Bandai - Terebikko-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Bandai - Terebikko.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Bandai - WonderSwan Color-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Bandai - WonderSwan Color.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Bandai - WonderSwan-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Bandai - WonderSwan.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Benesse - Pocket Challenge V2-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Benesse - Pocket Challenge V2.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Benesse - Pocket Challenge W-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Benesse - Pocket Challenge W.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Bit Corporation - Gamate-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Bit Corporation - Gamate.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/CHIP-8-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/CHIP-8.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Cannonball-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Cannonball.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Capcom - CP System I-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Capcom - CP System I.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Capcom - CP System II-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Capcom - CP System II.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Capcom - CP System III-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Capcom - CP System III.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Casio - Loopy-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Casio - Loopy.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Casio - PV-1000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Casio - PV-1000.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Cave Story-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Cave Story.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/ChaiLove-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/ChaiLove.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Coleco - ColecoVision ADAM-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Coleco - ColecoVision ADAM.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Coleco - ColecoVision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Coleco - ColecoVision.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Commodore - 64 (PP)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Commodore - 64 (PP).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Commodore - 64 (Tapes)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Commodore - 64 (Tapes).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Commodore - 64-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Commodore - 64.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Commodore - Amiga-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Commodore - Amiga.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Commodore - CD32-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Commodore - CD32.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Commodore - CDTV-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Commodore - CDTV.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Commodore - Plus-4-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Commodore - Plus-4.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Commodore - VIC-20-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Commodore - VIC-20.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Connor - VideoSmarts-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Connor - VideoSmarts.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/DOOM-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/DOOM.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/DOS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/DOS.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Dinothawr-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Dinothawr.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Dungeon Crawl Stone Soup-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Dungeon Crawl Stone Soup.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Emerson - Arcadia 2001-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Emerson - Arcadia 2001.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Entex - Adventure Vision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Entex - Adventure Vision.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Entex - Select-A-Game-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Entex - Select-A-Game.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Epoch - Cassette Vision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Epoch - Cassette Vision.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Epoch - Game Pocket Computer-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Epoch - Game Pocket Computer.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Epoch - Super Cassette Vision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Epoch - Super Cassette Vision.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Epoch - TV Tennis Electrotennis-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Epoch - TV Tennis Electrotennis.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/FBNeo - Arcade Games-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/FBNeo - Arcade Games.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/FFmpeg-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/FFmpeg.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Fairchild - Channel F-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Fairchild - Channel F.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Flashback-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Flashback.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Fujitsu - FM Towns Marty-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Fujitsu - FM Towns Marty.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Fukutake Publishing - StudyBox-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Fukutake Publishing - StudyBox.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Funtech - Super Acan-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Funtech - Super Acan.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/GCE - Vectrex-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/GCE - Vectrex.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Gakken - Compact Vision TV Boy-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Gakken - Compact Vision TV Boy.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Game-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Game.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/GamePark - Caanoo.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/GamePark - GP2X F200.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/GamePark - GP2X Wiz.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/GamePark - GP2X.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/GamePark - GP32-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/GamePark - GP32.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Google - Nexus Player-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Google - Nexus Player.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Google - Stadia-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Google - Stadia.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Handheld Electronic Game-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Handheld Electronic Game.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Hartung - Game Master-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Hartung - Game Master.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Interton - VC 4000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Interton - VC 4000.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Interton - Video 2000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Interton - Video 2000.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Jump 'n Bump-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Jump 'n Bump.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Konami - Picno-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Konami - Picno.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/LJN - Video Art.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/LeapFrog - LeapPad-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/LeapFrog - LeapPad.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/LeapFrog - Leapster Learning Game System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/LeapFrog - Leapster Learning Game System.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/LeapFrog - My First LeapPad-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/LeapFrog - My First LeapPad.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Libretro - Pad.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Lutro-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Lutro.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/MAME 2000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/MAME 2000.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/MAME 2003-Plus-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/MAME 2003-Plus.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/MAME 2003-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/MAME 2003.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/MAME 2010-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/MAME 2010.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/MAME 2015-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/MAME 2015.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/MAME 2016-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/MAME 2016.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/MAME-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/MAME.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Magnavox - Odyssey-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Magnavox - Odyssey.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Magnavox - Odyssey2-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Magnavox - Odyssey2.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Mattel - HyperScan-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Mattel - HyperScan.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Mattel - Intellivision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Mattel - Intellivision.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Microsoft - MSX-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Microsoft - MSX.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Microsoft - MSX2-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Microsoft - MSX2.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Microsoft - Xbox 360 (Digital)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Microsoft - Xbox 360 (Digital).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Microsoft - Xbox 360-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Microsoft - Xbox 360.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Microsoft - Xbox One-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Microsoft - Xbox One.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Microsoft - Xbox Series X-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Microsoft - Xbox Series X.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Microsoft - Xbox-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Microsoft - Xbox.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Milton Bradley - Microvision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Milton Bradley - Microvision.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Minecraft-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Minecraft.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/MrBoom-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/MrBoom.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/NEC - PC Engine SuperGrafx-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/NEC - PC Engine SuperGrafx.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/NEC - PC-98-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/NEC - PC-98.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/NEC - PC-FX-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/NEC - PC-FX.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Neo Geo-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Neo Geo.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Nichibutsu - My Vision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Nichibutsu - My Vision.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Family Computer Disk System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Family Computer Disk System.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance (e-Reader)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance (e-Reader).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Game Boy Color-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Game Boy Color.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Game Boy-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Game Boy.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - GameCube-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - GameCube.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (DLC)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (DLC).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (Digital)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (Digital).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Nintendo 64-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Nintendo 64.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Nintendo 64DD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Nintendo 64DD.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Nintendo DS (Download Play)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Nintendo DS (Download Play).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Nintendo DS Decrypted-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Nintendo DS Decrypted.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Nintendo DS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Nintendo DS.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi (DLC)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi (DLC).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi Decrypted-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi Decrypted.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System (J).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System-content (J).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Pokemon Mini-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Pokemon Mini.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Satellaview-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Satellaview.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Sufami Turbo-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Sufami Turbo.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System (U).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System-content (U1).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System-content (U2).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Switch K.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Switch W.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Switch-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Switch.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Virtual Boy-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Virtual Boy.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Wii (Digital)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Wii (Digital).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Wii U-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Wii U.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Wii-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Wii.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - e-Reader-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - e-Reader.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Nokia - N-Gage-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Nokia - N-Gage.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Philips - Videopac+-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Philips - Videopac+.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Pioneer - Laseractive-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Pioneer - Laseractive.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Quake II-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Quake II.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Quake III-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Quake III.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Quake-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Quake.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/RCA - Studio II-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/RCA - Studio II.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/RPG Maker-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/RPG Maker.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Rick Dangerous-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Rick Dangerous.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/SNK - Neo Geo CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/SNK - Neo Geo CD.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket Color-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket Color.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/SNK - Neo Geo-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/SNK - Neo Geo.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/SSD - Xavixport-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/ScummVM-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/ScummVM.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Sega - 32X-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Sega - 32X.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Sega - Beena-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Sega - Beena.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Sega - Dreamcast-content (E).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Sega - Dreamcast-content (J).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Sega - Dreamcast-content (U).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Sega - Dreamcast-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Sega - Dreamcast.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Sega - Game Gear-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Sega - Game Gear.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Sega - Master System - Mark III-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Sega - Master System - Mark III.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis-content (J).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Sega - PICO-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Sega - PICO.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Sega - SG-1000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Sega - SG-1000.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Sega - Saturn (U).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Sega - Saturn-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Sega - Saturn.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Sharp - X68000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Sharp - X68000.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Sinclair - ZX 81-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Sinclair - ZX 81.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Sinclair - ZX Spectrum +3-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Sinclair - ZX Spectrum +3.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Sinclair - ZX Spectrum-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Sinclair - ZX Spectrum.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation 2-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation 2.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation 3 (DLC)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation 3 (DLC).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation 3 (Downloadable)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation 3 (Downloadable).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation 3 (PSN)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation 3 (PSN).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation 3-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation 3.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation 4-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation 4.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation Portable (DLC)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation Portable (DLC).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation Portable (PSN)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation Portable (PSN).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation Portable (PSX2PSP)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation Portable (PSX2PSP).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation Portable (UMD Music)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation Portable (UMD Music).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation Portable (UMD Video)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation Portable (UMD Video).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation Portable-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation Portable.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation Vita-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation Vita.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Spectravideo - SVI-318 - SVI-328-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Spectravideo - SVI-318 - SVI-328.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/TIC-80-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/TIC-80.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Tapwave - Zodiac-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Tapwave - Zodiac.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/The 3DO Company - 3DO-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/The 3DO Company - 3DO.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Thomson - MOTO-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Thomson - MOTO.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Tiger - Game.com-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Tiger - Game.com.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Tiger - Gizmondo-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Tiger - Gizmondo.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Tomb Raider-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Tomb Raider.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Tomy - Tutor-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Tomy - Tutor.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Umtech - VideoBrain-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Uzebox-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Uzebox.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/VM Labs - NUON-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/VM Labs - NUON.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/VTech - 3D Gamate-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/VTech - 3D Gamate.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/VTech - CreatiVision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/VTech - CreatiVision.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/VTech - Socrates-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/VTech - V.Flash-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/VTech - V.Smile-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/VTech - V.Smile.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Watara - Supervision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/Watara - Supervision.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/achievement-list.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/add-favorite.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/add.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/arrow.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/battery-20.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/battery-40.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/battery-60.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/battery-80.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/battery-charging.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/battery-full.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/bg.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/bluetooth.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/clock.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/close.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/core-cheat-options.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/core-disk-options.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/core-infos.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/core-input-remapping-options.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/core-options.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/core-shader-options.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/core.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/cursor.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/database.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/default-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/default.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/dialog-slice.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/favorites-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/favorites.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/file.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/folder.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/history.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/iQue - iQue-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/iQue - iQue.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/image.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/images.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/input_ADC.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/input_BIND_ALL.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/input_BTN-D.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/input_BTN-L.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/input_BTN-R.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/input_BTN-U.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/input_DPAD-D.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/input_DPAD-L.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/input_DPAD-R.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/input_DPAD-U.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/input_LB.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/input_LGUN.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/input_LT.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/input_MOUSE.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/input_RB.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/input_RT.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/input_SELECT.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/input_START.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/input_STCK-D.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/input_STCK-L.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/input_STCK-P.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/input_STCK-R.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/input_STCK-U.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/input_TURBO.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/key-hover.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/key.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/lakka.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/loadstate.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/menu_achievements.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/menu_add.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/menu_apply_cog.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/menu_apply_toggle.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/menu_audio.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/menu_brightness.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/menu_check.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/menu_drivers.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/menu_exit.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/menu_frameskip.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/menu_help.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/menu_hourglass.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/menu_info.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/menu_latency.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/menu_log.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/menu_mixer.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/menu_network.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/menu_notifications.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/menu_osd.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/menu_overlay.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/menu_override.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/menu_pause.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/menu_playlist.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/menu_power.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/menu_privacy.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/menu_quickmenu.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/menu_record.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/menu_rewind.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/menu_room.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/menu_room_lan.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/menu_room_relay.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/menu_saving.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/menu_shutdown.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/menu_stream.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/menu_ui.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/menu_updater.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/menu_user.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/menu_video.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/menu_volume_max.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/menu_volume_med.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/menu_volume_min.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/menu_volume_mute.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/movie.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/movies.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/music.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/musics.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/netplay.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/off.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/on.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/pointer.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/reload.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/rename.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/resume.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/retroarch.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/run.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/savestate.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/screenshot.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/setting.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/settings.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/subsetting.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/undo.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/wifi.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/1024/zip.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/1292 Advanced Programmable Video System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/1292 Advanced Programmable Video System.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/2048-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/2048.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/ACT - Apricot PC Xi-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/ACT - Apricot PC Xi.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/APF - Imagination Machine-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/APF - Imagination Machine.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/APF - MP-1000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/APF - MP-1000.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Acorn - Archimedes-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Acorn - Archimedes.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Acorn - Atom-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Acorn - Atom.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Acorn - BBC Micro-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Acorn - BBC Micro.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Amazon - Fire TV-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Amazon - Fire TV.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Amazon - Luna-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Amazon - Luna.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Amstrad - CPC-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Amstrad - CPC.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Amstrad - GX4000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Amstrad - GX4000.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Apple - I-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Apple - I.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Apple - II Plus-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Apple - II Plus.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Apple - II-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Apple - II.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Apple - IIe-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Apple - IIe.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Apple - Macintosh-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Apple - Macintosh.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Apple-Bandai - Pippin-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Apple-Bandai - Pippin.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Atari - 2600-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Atari - 2600.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Atari - 5200-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Atari - 5200.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Atari - 7800-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Atari - 7800.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Atari - 8-bit-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Atari - 8-bit.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Atari - Jaguar CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Atari - Jaguar CD.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Atari - Jaguar-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Atari - Jaguar.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Atari - Lynx-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Atari - Lynx.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Atari - Pong-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Atari - Pong.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Atari - ST (Tapes)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Atari - ST (Tapes).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Atari - ST-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Atari - ST.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Atari - VCS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Atari - VCS.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Atari - XEGS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Atari - XEGS.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/BBC - Bridge Companion-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/BBC - Bridge Companion.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Bally - Astrocade (Tapes)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Bally - Astrocade (Tapes).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Bally - Astrocade-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Bally - Astrocade.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Bandai - Design Master Denshi Mangajuku-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Bandai - Design Master Denshi Mangajuku.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Bandai - Gundam RX-78-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Bandai - Gundam RX-78.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Bandai - Playdia-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Bandai - Playdia.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Bandai - Super Vision 8000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Bandai - Super Vision 8000.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Bandai - Terebikko-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Bandai - Terebikko.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Bandai - WonderSwan Color-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Bandai - WonderSwan Color.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Bandai - WonderSwan-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Bandai - WonderSwan.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Benesse - Pocket Challenge V2-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Benesse - Pocket Challenge V2.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Benesse - Pocket Challenge W-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Benesse - Pocket Challenge W.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Bit Corporation - Gamate-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Bit Corporation - Gamate.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/CHIP-8-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/CHIP-8.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Cannonball-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Cannonball.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Capcom - CP System I-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Capcom - CP System I.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Capcom - CP System II-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Capcom - CP System II.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Capcom - CP System III-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Capcom - CP System III.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Casio - Loopy-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Casio - Loopy.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Casio - PV-1000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Casio - PV-1000.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Cave Story-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Cave Story.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/ChaiLove-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/ChaiLove.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Coleco - ColecoVision ADAM-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Coleco - ColecoVision ADAM.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Coleco - ColecoVision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Coleco - ColecoVision.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Commodore - 64 (PP)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Commodore - 64 (PP).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Commodore - 64 (Tapes)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Commodore - 64 (Tapes).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Commodore - 64-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Commodore - 64.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Commodore - Amiga-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Commodore - Amiga.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Commodore - CD32-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Commodore - CD32.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Commodore - CDTV-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Commodore - CDTV.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Commodore - Plus-4-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Commodore - Plus-4.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Commodore - VIC-20-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Commodore - VIC-20.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Connor - VideoSmarts-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Connor - VideoSmarts.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/DOOM-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/DOOM.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/DOS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/DOS.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Dinothawr-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Dinothawr.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Dungeon Crawl Stone Soup-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Dungeon Crawl Stone Soup.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Emerson - Arcadia 2001-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Emerson - Arcadia 2001.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Entex - Adventure Vision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Entex - Adventure Vision.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Entex - Select-A-Game-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Entex - Select-A-Game.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Epoch - Cassette Vision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Epoch - Cassette Vision.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Epoch - Game Pocket Computer-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Epoch - Game Pocket Computer.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Epoch - Super Cassette Vision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Epoch - Super Cassette Vision.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Epoch - TV Tennis Electrotennis-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Epoch - TV Tennis Electrotennis.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/FBNeo - Arcade Games-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/FBNeo - Arcade Games.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/FFmpeg-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/FFmpeg.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Fairchild - Channel F-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Fairchild - Channel F.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Flashback-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Flashback.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Fujitsu - FM Towns Marty-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Fujitsu - FM Towns Marty.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Fukutake Publishing - StudyBox-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Fukutake Publishing - StudyBox.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Funtech - Super Acan-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Funtech - Super Acan.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/GCE - Vectrex-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/GCE - Vectrex.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Gakken - Compact Vision TV Boy-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Gakken - Compact Vision TV Boy.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Game-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Game.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/GamePark - Caanoo.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/GamePark - GP2X F200.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/GamePark - GP2X Wiz.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/GamePark - GP2X.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/GamePark - GP32-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/GamePark - GP32.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Google - Nexus Player-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Google - Nexus Player.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Google - Stadia-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Google - Stadia.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Handheld Electronic Game-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Handheld Electronic Game.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Hartung - Game Master-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Hartung - Game Master.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Interton - VC 4000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Interton - VC 4000.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Interton - Video 2000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Interton - Video 2000.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Jump 'n Bump-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Jump 'n Bump.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Konami - Picno-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Konami - Picno.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/LJN - Video Art.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/LeapFrog - LeapPad-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/LeapFrog - LeapPad.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/LeapFrog - Leapster Learning Game System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/LeapFrog - Leapster Learning Game System.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/LeapFrog - My First LeapPad-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/LeapFrog - My First LeapPad.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Libretro - Pad.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Lutro-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Lutro.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/MAME 2000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/MAME 2000.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/MAME 2003-Plus-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/MAME 2003-Plus.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/MAME 2003-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/MAME 2003.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/MAME 2010-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/MAME 2010.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/MAME 2015-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/MAME 2015.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/MAME 2016-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/MAME 2016.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/MAME-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/MAME.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Magnavox - Odyssey-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Magnavox - Odyssey.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Magnavox - Odyssey2-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Magnavox - Odyssey2.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Mattel - HyperScan-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Mattel - HyperScan.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Mattel - Intellivision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Mattel - Intellivision.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Microsoft - MSX-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Microsoft - MSX.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Microsoft - MSX2-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Microsoft - MSX2.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Microsoft - Xbox 360 (Digital)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Microsoft - Xbox 360 (Digital).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Microsoft - Xbox 360-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Microsoft - Xbox 360.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Microsoft - Xbox One-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Microsoft - Xbox One.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Microsoft - Xbox Series X-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Microsoft - Xbox Series X.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Microsoft - Xbox-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Microsoft - Xbox.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Milton Bradley - Microvision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Milton Bradley - Microvision.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Minecraft-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Minecraft.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/MrBoom-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/MrBoom.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/NEC - PC Engine SuperGrafx-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/NEC - PC Engine SuperGrafx.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/NEC - PC-98-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/NEC - PC-98.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/NEC - PC-FX-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/NEC - PC-FX.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Neo Geo-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Neo Geo.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Nichibutsu - My Vision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Nichibutsu - My Vision.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Family Computer Disk System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Family Computer Disk System.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance (e-Reader)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance (e-Reader).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Game Boy Color-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Game Boy Color.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Game Boy-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Game Boy.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Nintendo - GameCube-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Nintendo - GameCube.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (DLC)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (DLC).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (Digital)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (Digital).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Nintendo 64-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Nintendo 64.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Nintendo 64DD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Nintendo 64DD.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Nintendo DS (Download Play)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Nintendo DS (Download Play).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Nintendo DS Decrypted-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Nintendo DS Decrypted.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Nintendo DS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Nintendo DS.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi (DLC)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi (DLC).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi Decrypted-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi Decrypted.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System (J).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System-content (J).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Pokemon Mini-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Pokemon Mini.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Satellaview-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Satellaview.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Sufami Turbo-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Sufami Turbo.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System (U).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System-content (U1).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System-content (U2).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Switch K.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Switch W.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Switch-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Switch.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Virtual Boy-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Virtual Boy.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Wii (Digital)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Wii (Digital).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Wii U-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Wii U.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Wii-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Wii.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Nintendo - e-Reader-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Nintendo - e-Reader.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Nokia - N-Gage-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Nokia - N-Gage.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Philips - Videopac+-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Philips - Videopac+.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Pioneer - Laseractive-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Pioneer - Laseractive.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Quake II-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Quake II.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Quake III-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Quake III.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Quake-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Quake.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/RCA - Studio II-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/RCA - Studio II.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/RPG Maker-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/RPG Maker.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Rick Dangerous-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Rick Dangerous.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/SNK - Neo Geo CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/SNK - Neo Geo CD.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket Color-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket Color.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/SNK - Neo Geo-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/SNK - Neo Geo.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/SSD - Xavixport-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/ScummVM-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/ScummVM.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Sega - 32X-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Sega - 32X.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Sega - Beena-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Sega - Beena.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Sega - Dreamcast-content (E).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Sega - Dreamcast-content (J).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Sega - Dreamcast-content (U).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Sega - Dreamcast-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Sega - Dreamcast.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Sega - Game Gear-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Sega - Game Gear.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Sega - Master System - Mark III-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Sega - Master System - Mark III.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis-content (J).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Sega - PICO-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Sega - PICO.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Sega - SG-1000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Sega - SG-1000.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Sega - Saturn (U).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Sega - Saturn-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Sega - Saturn.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Sharp - X68000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Sharp - X68000.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Sinclair - ZX 81-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Sinclair - ZX 81.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Sinclair - ZX Spectrum +3-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Sinclair - ZX Spectrum +3.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Sinclair - ZX Spectrum-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Sinclair - ZX Spectrum.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation 2-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation 2.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation 3 (DLC)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation 3 (DLC).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation 3 (Downloadable)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation 3 (Downloadable).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation 3 (PSN)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation 3 (PSN).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation 3-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation 3.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation 4-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation 4.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation Portable (DLC)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation Portable (DLC).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation Portable (PSN)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation Portable (PSN).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation Portable (PSX2PSP)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation Portable (PSX2PSP).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation Portable (UMD Music)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation Portable (UMD Music).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation Portable (UMD Video)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation Portable (UMD Video).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation Portable-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation Portable.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation Vita-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation Vita.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Spectravideo - SVI-318 - SVI-328-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Spectravideo - SVI-318 - SVI-328.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/TIC-80-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/TIC-80.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Tapwave - Zodiac-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Tapwave - Zodiac.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/The 3DO Company - 3DO-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/The 3DO Company - 3DO.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Thomson - MOTO-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Thomson - MOTO.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Tiger - Game.com-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Tiger - Game.com.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Tiger - Gizmondo-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Tiger - Gizmondo.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Tomb Raider-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Tomb Raider.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Tomy - Tutor-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Tomy - Tutor.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Umtech - VideoBrain-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Uzebox-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Uzebox.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/VM Labs - NUON-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/VM Labs - NUON.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/VTech - 3D Gamate-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/VTech - 3D Gamate.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/VTech - CreatiVision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/VTech - CreatiVision.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/VTech - Socrates-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/VTech - V.Flash-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/VTech - V.Smile-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/VTech - V.Smile.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Watara - Supervision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/Watara - Supervision.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/achievement-list.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/add-favorite.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/add.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/arrow.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/battery-20.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/battery-40.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/battery-60.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/battery-80.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/battery-charging.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/battery-full.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/bg.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/bluetooth.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/clock.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/close.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/core-cheat-options.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/core-disk-options.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/core-infos.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/core-input-remapping-options.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/core-options.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/core-shader-options.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/core.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/cursor.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/database.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/default-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/default.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/dialog-slice.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/favorites-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/favorites.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/file.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/folder.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/history.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/iQue - iQue-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/iQue - iQue.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/image.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/images.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/input_ADC.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/input_BIND_ALL.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/input_BTN-D.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/input_BTN-L.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/input_BTN-R.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/input_BTN-U.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/input_DPAD-D.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/input_DPAD-L.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/input_DPAD-R.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/input_DPAD-U.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/input_LB.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/input_LGUN.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/input_LT.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/input_MOUSE.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/input_RB.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/input_RT.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/input_SELECT.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/input_START.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/input_STCK-D.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/input_STCK-L.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/input_STCK-P.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/input_STCK-R.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/input_STCK-U.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/input_TURBO.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/key-hover.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/key.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/lakka.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/loadstate.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/menu_achievements.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/menu_add.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/menu_apply_cog.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/menu_apply_toggle.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/menu_audio.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/menu_brightness.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/menu_check.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/menu_drivers.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/menu_exit.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/menu_frameskip.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/menu_help.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/menu_hourglass.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/menu_info.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/menu_latency.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/menu_log.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/menu_mixer.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/menu_network.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/menu_notifications.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/menu_osd.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/menu_overlay.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/menu_override.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/menu_pause.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/menu_playlist.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/menu_power.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/menu_privacy.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/menu_quickmenu.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/menu_record.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/menu_rewind.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/menu_room.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/menu_room_lan.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/menu_room_relay.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/menu_saving.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/menu_shutdown.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/menu_stream.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/menu_ui.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/menu_updater.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/menu_user.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/menu_video.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/menu_volume_max.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/menu_volume_med.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/menu_volume_min.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/menu_volume_mute.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/movie.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/movies.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/music.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/musics.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/netplay.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/off.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/on.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/pointer.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/reload.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/rename.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/resume.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/retroarch.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/run.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/savestate.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/screenshot.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/setting.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/settings.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/subsetting.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/undo.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/wifi.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/128/zip.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/1292 Advanced Programmable Video System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/1292 Advanced Programmable Video System.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/2048-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/2048.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/ACT - Apricot PC Xi-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/ACT - Apricot PC Xi.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/APF - Imagination Machine-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/APF - Imagination Machine.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/APF - MP-1000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/APF - MP-1000.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Acorn - Archimedes-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Acorn - Archimedes.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Acorn - Atom-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Acorn - Atom.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Acorn - BBC Micro-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Acorn - BBC Micro.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Amazon - Fire TV-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Amazon - Fire TV.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Amazon - Luna-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Amazon - Luna.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Amstrad - CPC-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Amstrad - CPC.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Amstrad - GX4000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Amstrad - GX4000.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Apple - I-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Apple - I.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Apple - II Plus-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Apple - II Plus.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Apple - II-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Apple - II.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Apple - IIe-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Apple - IIe.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Apple - Macintosh-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Apple - Macintosh.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Apple-Bandai - Pippin-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Apple-Bandai - Pippin.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Atari - 2600-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Atari - 2600.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Atari - 5200-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Atari - 5200.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Atari - 7800-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Atari - 7800.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Atari - 8-bit-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Atari - 8-bit.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Atari - Jaguar CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Atari - Jaguar CD.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Atari - Jaguar-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Atari - Jaguar.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Atari - Lynx-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Atari - Lynx.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Atari - Pong-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Atari - Pong.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Atari - ST (Tapes)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Atari - ST (Tapes).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Atari - ST-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Atari - ST.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Atari - VCS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Atari - VCS.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Atari - XEGS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Atari - XEGS.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/BBC - Bridge Companion-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/BBC - Bridge Companion.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Bally - Astrocade (Tapes)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Bally - Astrocade (Tapes).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Bally - Astrocade-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Bally - Astrocade.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Bandai - Design Master Denshi Mangajuku-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Bandai - Design Master Denshi Mangajuku.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Bandai - Gundam RX-78-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Bandai - Gundam RX-78.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Bandai - Playdia-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Bandai - Playdia.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Bandai - Super Vision 8000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Bandai - Super Vision 8000.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Bandai - Terebikko-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Bandai - Terebikko.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Bandai - WonderSwan Color-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Bandai - WonderSwan Color.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Bandai - WonderSwan-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Bandai - WonderSwan.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Benesse - Pocket Challenge V2-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Benesse - Pocket Challenge V2.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Benesse - Pocket Challenge W-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Benesse - Pocket Challenge W.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Bit Corporation - Gamate-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Bit Corporation - Gamate.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/CHIP-8-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/CHIP-8.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Cannonball-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Cannonball.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Capcom - CP System I-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Capcom - CP System I.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Capcom - CP System II-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Capcom - CP System II.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Capcom - CP System III-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Capcom - CP System III.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Casio - Loopy-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Casio - Loopy.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Casio - PV-1000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Casio - PV-1000.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Cave Story-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Cave Story.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/ChaiLove-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/ChaiLove.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Coleco - ColecoVision ADAM-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Coleco - ColecoVision ADAM.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Coleco - ColecoVision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Coleco - ColecoVision.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Commodore - 64 (PP)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Commodore - 64 (PP).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Commodore - 64 (Tapes)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Commodore - 64 (Tapes).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Commodore - 64-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Commodore - 64.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Commodore - Amiga-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Commodore - Amiga.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Commodore - CD32-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Commodore - CD32.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Commodore - CDTV-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Commodore - CDTV.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Commodore - Plus-4-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Commodore - Plus-4.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Commodore - VIC-20-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Commodore - VIC-20.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Connor - VideoSmarts-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Connor - VideoSmarts.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/DOOM-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/DOOM.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/DOS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/DOS.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Dinothawr-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Dinothawr.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Dungeon Crawl Stone Soup-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Dungeon Crawl Stone Soup.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Emerson - Arcadia 2001-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Emerson - Arcadia 2001.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Entex - Adventure Vision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Entex - Adventure Vision.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Entex - Select-A-Game-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Entex - Select-A-Game.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Epoch - Cassette Vision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Epoch - Cassette Vision.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Epoch - Game Pocket Computer-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Epoch - Game Pocket Computer.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Epoch - Super Cassette Vision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Epoch - Super Cassette Vision.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Epoch - TV Tennis Electrotennis-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Epoch - TV Tennis Electrotennis.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/FBNeo - Arcade Games-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/FBNeo - Arcade Games.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/FFmpeg-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/FFmpeg.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Fairchild - Channel F-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Fairchild - Channel F.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Flashback-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Flashback.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Fujitsu - FM Towns Marty-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Fujitsu - FM Towns Marty.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Fukutake Publishing - StudyBox-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Fukutake Publishing - StudyBox.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Funtech - Super Acan-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Funtech - Super Acan.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/GCE - Vectrex-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/GCE - Vectrex.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Gakken - Compact Vision TV Boy-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Gakken - Compact Vision TV Boy.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Game-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Game.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/GamePark - Caanoo.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/GamePark - GP2X F200.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/GamePark - GP2X Wiz.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/GamePark - GP2X.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/GamePark - GP32-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/GamePark - GP32.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Google - Nexus Player-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Google - Nexus Player.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Google - Stadia-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Google - Stadia.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Handheld Electronic Game-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Handheld Electronic Game.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Hartung - Game Master-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Hartung - Game Master.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Interton - VC 4000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Interton - VC 4000.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Interton - Video 2000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Interton - Video 2000.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Jump 'n Bump-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Jump 'n Bump.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Konami - Picno-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Konami - Picno.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/LJN - Video Art.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/LeapFrog - LeapPad-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/LeapFrog - LeapPad.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/LeapFrog - Leapster Learning Game System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/LeapFrog - Leapster Learning Game System.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/LeapFrog - My First LeapPad-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/LeapFrog - My First LeapPad.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Libretro - Pad.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Lutro-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Lutro.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/MAME 2000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/MAME 2000.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/MAME 2003-Plus-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/MAME 2003-Plus.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/MAME 2003-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/MAME 2003.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/MAME 2010-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/MAME 2010.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/MAME 2015-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/MAME 2015.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/MAME 2016-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/MAME 2016.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/MAME-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/MAME.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Magnavox - Odyssey-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Magnavox - Odyssey.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Magnavox - Odyssey2-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Magnavox - Odyssey2.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Mattel - HyperScan-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Mattel - HyperScan.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Mattel - Intellivision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Mattel - Intellivision.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Microsoft - MSX-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Microsoft - MSX.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Microsoft - MSX2-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Microsoft - MSX2.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Microsoft - Xbox 360 (Digital)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Microsoft - Xbox 360 (Digital).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Microsoft - Xbox 360-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Microsoft - Xbox 360.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Microsoft - Xbox One-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Microsoft - Xbox One.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Microsoft - Xbox Series X-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Microsoft - Xbox Series X.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Microsoft - Xbox-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Microsoft - Xbox.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Milton Bradley - Microvision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Milton Bradley - Microvision.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Minecraft-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Minecraft.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/MrBoom-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/MrBoom.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/NEC - PC Engine SuperGrafx-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/NEC - PC Engine SuperGrafx.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/NEC - PC-98-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/NEC - PC-98.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/NEC - PC-FX-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/NEC - PC-FX.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Neo Geo-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Neo Geo.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Nichibutsu - My Vision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Nichibutsu - My Vision.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Family Computer Disk System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Family Computer Disk System.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance (e-Reader)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance (e-Reader).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Game Boy Color-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Game Boy Color.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Game Boy-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Game Boy.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Nintendo - GameCube-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Nintendo - GameCube.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (DLC)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (DLC).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (Digital)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (Digital).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Nintendo 64-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Nintendo 64.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Nintendo 64DD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Nintendo 64DD.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Nintendo DS (Download Play)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Nintendo DS (Download Play).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Nintendo DS Decrypted-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Nintendo DS Decrypted.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Nintendo DS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Nintendo DS.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi (DLC)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi (DLC).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi Decrypted-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi Decrypted.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System (J).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System-content (J).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Pokemon Mini-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Pokemon Mini.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Satellaview-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Satellaview.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Sufami Turbo-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Sufami Turbo.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System (U).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System-content (U1).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System-content (U2).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Switch K.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Switch W.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Switch-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Switch.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Virtual Boy-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Virtual Boy.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Wii (Digital)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Wii (Digital).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Wii U-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Wii U.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Wii-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Wii.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Nintendo - e-Reader-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Nintendo - e-Reader.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Nokia - N-Gage-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Nokia - N-Gage.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Philips - Videopac+-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Philips - Videopac+.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Pioneer - Laseractive-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Pioneer - Laseractive.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Quake II-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Quake II.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Quake III-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Quake III.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Quake-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Quake.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/RCA - Studio II-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/RCA - Studio II.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/RPG Maker-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/RPG Maker.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Rick Dangerous-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Rick Dangerous.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/SNK - Neo Geo CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/SNK - Neo Geo CD.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket Color-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket Color.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/SNK - Neo Geo-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/SNK - Neo Geo.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/SSD - Xavixport-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/ScummVM-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/ScummVM.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Sega - 32X-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Sega - 32X.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Sega - Beena-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Sega - Beena.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Sega - Dreamcast-content (E).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Sega - Dreamcast-content (J).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Sega - Dreamcast-content (U).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Sega - Dreamcast-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Sega - Dreamcast.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Sega - Game Gear-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Sega - Game Gear.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Sega - Master System - Mark III-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Sega - Master System - Mark III.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis-content (J).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Sega - PICO-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Sega - PICO.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Sega - SG-1000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Sega - SG-1000.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Sega - Saturn (U).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Sega - Saturn-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Sega - Saturn.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Sharp - X68000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Sharp - X68000.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Sinclair - ZX 81-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Sinclair - ZX 81.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Sinclair - ZX Spectrum +3-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Sinclair - ZX Spectrum +3.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Sinclair - ZX Spectrum-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Sinclair - ZX Spectrum.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation 2-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation 2.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation 3 (DLC)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation 3 (DLC).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation 3 (Downloadable)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation 3 (Downloadable).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation 3 (PSN)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation 3 (PSN).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation 3-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation 3.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation 4-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation 4.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation Portable (DLC)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation Portable (DLC).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation Portable (PSN)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation Portable (PSN).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation Portable (PSX2PSP)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation Portable (PSX2PSP).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation Portable (UMD Music)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation Portable (UMD Music).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation Portable (UMD Video)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation Portable (UMD Video).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation Portable-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation Portable.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation Vita-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation Vita.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Spectravideo - SVI-318 - SVI-328-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Spectravideo - SVI-318 - SVI-328.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/TIC-80-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/TIC-80.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Tapwave - Zodiac-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Tapwave - Zodiac.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/The 3DO Company - 3DO-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/The 3DO Company - 3DO.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Thomson - MOTO-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Thomson - MOTO.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Tiger - Game.com-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Tiger - Game.com.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Tiger - Gizmondo-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Tiger - Gizmondo.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Tomb Raider-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Tomb Raider.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Tomy - Tutor-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Tomy - Tutor.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Umtech - VideoBrain-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Uzebox-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Uzebox.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/VM Labs - NUON-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/VM Labs - NUON.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/VTech - 3D Gamate-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/VTech - 3D Gamate.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/VTech - CreatiVision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/VTech - CreatiVision.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/VTech - Socrates-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/VTech - V.Flash-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/VTech - V.Smile-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/VTech - V.Smile.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Watara - Supervision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/Watara - Supervision.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/achievement-list.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/add-favorite.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/add.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/arrow.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/battery-20.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/battery-40.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/battery-60.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/battery-80.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/battery-charging.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/battery-full.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/bg.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/bluetooth.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/clock.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/close.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/core-cheat-options.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/core-disk-options.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/core-infos.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/core-input-remapping-options.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/core-options.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/core-shader-options.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/core.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/cursor.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/database.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/default-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/default.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/dialog-slice.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/favorites-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/favorites.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/file.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/folder.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/history.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/iQue - iQue-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/iQue - iQue.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/image.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/images.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/input_ADC.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/input_BIND_ALL.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/input_BTN-D.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/input_BTN-L.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/input_BTN-R.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/input_BTN-U.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/input_DPAD-D.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/input_DPAD-L.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/input_DPAD-R.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/input_DPAD-U.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/input_LB.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/input_LGUN.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/input_LT.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/input_MOUSE.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/input_RB.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/input_RT.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/input_SELECT.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/input_START.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/input_STCK-D.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/input_STCK-L.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/input_STCK-P.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/input_STCK-R.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/input_STCK-U.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/input_TURBO.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/key-hover.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/key.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/lakka.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/loadstate.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/menu_achievements.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/menu_add.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/menu_apply_cog.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/menu_apply_toggle.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/menu_audio.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/menu_brightness.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/menu_check.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/menu_drivers.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/menu_exit.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/menu_frameskip.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/menu_help.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/menu_hourglass.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/menu_info.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/menu_latency.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/menu_log.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/menu_mixer.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/menu_network.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/menu_notifications.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/menu_osd.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/menu_overlay.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/menu_override.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/menu_pause.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/menu_playlist.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/menu_power.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/menu_privacy.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/menu_quickmenu.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/menu_record.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/menu_rewind.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/menu_room.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/menu_room_lan.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/menu_room_relay.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/menu_saving.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/menu_shutdown.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/menu_stream.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/menu_ui.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/menu_updater.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/menu_user.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/menu_video.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/menu_volume_max.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/menu_volume_med.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/menu_volume_min.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/menu_volume_mute.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/movie.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/movies.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/music.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/musics.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/netplay.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/off.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/on.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/pointer.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/reload.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/rename.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/resume.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/retroarch.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/run.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/savestate.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/screenshot.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/setting.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/settings.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/subsetting.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/undo.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/wifi.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/256/zip.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/1292 Advanced Programmable Video System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/1292 Advanced Programmable Video System.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/2048-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/2048.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/ACT - Apricot PC Xi-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/ACT - Apricot PC Xi.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/APF - Imagination Machine-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/APF - Imagination Machine.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/APF - MP-1000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/APF - MP-1000.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Acorn - Archimedes-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Acorn - Archimedes.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Acorn - Atom-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Acorn - Atom.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Acorn - BBC Micro-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Acorn - BBC Micro.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Amazon - Fire TV-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Amazon - Fire TV.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Amazon - Luna-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Amazon - Luna.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Amstrad - CPC-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Amstrad - CPC.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Amstrad - GX4000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Amstrad - GX4000.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Apple - I-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Apple - I.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Apple - II Plus-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Apple - II Plus.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Apple - II-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Apple - II.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Apple - IIe-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Apple - IIe.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Apple - Macintosh-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Apple - Macintosh.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Apple-Bandai - Pippin-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Apple-Bandai - Pippin.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Atari - 2600-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Atari - 2600.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Atari - 5200-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Atari - 5200.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Atari - 7800-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Atari - 7800.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Atari - 8-bit-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Atari - 8-bit.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Atari - Jaguar CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Atari - Jaguar CD.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Atari - Jaguar-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Atari - Jaguar.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Atari - Lynx-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Atari - Lynx.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Atari - Pong-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Atari - Pong.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Atari - ST (Tapes)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Atari - ST (Tapes).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Atari - ST-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Atari - ST.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Atari - VCS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Atari - VCS.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Atari - XEGS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Atari - XEGS.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/BBC - Bridge Companion-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/BBC - Bridge Companion.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Bally - Astrocade (Tapes)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Bally - Astrocade (Tapes).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Bally - Astrocade-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Bally - Astrocade.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Bandai - Design Master Denshi Mangajuku-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Bandai - Design Master Denshi Mangajuku.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Bandai - Gundam RX-78-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Bandai - Gundam RX-78.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Bandai - Playdia-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Bandai - Playdia.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Bandai - Super Vision 8000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Bandai - Super Vision 8000.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Bandai - Terebikko-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Bandai - Terebikko.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Bandai - WonderSwan Color-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Bandai - WonderSwan Color.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Bandai - WonderSwan-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Bandai - WonderSwan.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Benesse - Pocket Challenge V2-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Benesse - Pocket Challenge V2.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Benesse - Pocket Challenge W-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Benesse - Pocket Challenge W.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Bit Corporation - Gamate-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Bit Corporation - Gamate.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/CHIP-8-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/CHIP-8.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Cannonball-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Cannonball.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Capcom - CP System I-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Capcom - CP System I.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Capcom - CP System II-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Capcom - CP System II.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Capcom - CP System III-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Capcom - CP System III.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Casio - Loopy-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Casio - Loopy.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Casio - PV-1000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Casio - PV-1000.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Cave Story-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Cave Story.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/ChaiLove-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/ChaiLove.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Coleco - ColecoVision ADAM-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Coleco - ColecoVision ADAM.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Coleco - ColecoVision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Coleco - ColecoVision.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Commodore - 64 (PP)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Commodore - 64 (PP).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Commodore - 64 (Tapes)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Commodore - 64 (Tapes).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Commodore - 64-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Commodore - 64.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Commodore - Amiga-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Commodore - Amiga.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Commodore - CD32-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Commodore - CD32.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Commodore - CDTV-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Commodore - CDTV.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Commodore - Plus-4-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Commodore - Plus-4.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Commodore - VIC-20-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Commodore - VIC-20.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Connor - VideoSmarts-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Connor - VideoSmarts.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/DOOM-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/DOOM.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/DOS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/DOS.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Dinothawr-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Dinothawr.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Dungeon Crawl Stone Soup-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Dungeon Crawl Stone Soup.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Emerson - Arcadia 2001-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Emerson - Arcadia 2001.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Entex - Adventure Vision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Entex - Adventure Vision.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Entex - Select-A-Game-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Entex - Select-A-Game.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Epoch - Cassette Vision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Epoch - Cassette Vision.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Epoch - Game Pocket Computer-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Epoch - Game Pocket Computer.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Epoch - Super Cassette Vision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Epoch - Super Cassette Vision.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Epoch - TV Tennis Electrotennis-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Epoch - TV Tennis Electrotennis.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/FBNeo - Arcade Games-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/FBNeo - Arcade Games.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/FFmpeg-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/FFmpeg.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Fairchild - Channel F-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Fairchild - Channel F.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Flashback-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Flashback.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Fujitsu - FM Towns Marty-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Fujitsu - FM Towns Marty.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Fukutake Publishing - StudyBox-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Fukutake Publishing - StudyBox.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Funtech - Super Acan-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Funtech - Super Acan.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/GCE - Vectrex-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/GCE - Vectrex.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Gakken - Compact Vision TV Boy-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Gakken - Compact Vision TV Boy.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Game-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Game.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/GamePark - Caanoo.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/GamePark - GP2X F200.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/GamePark - GP2X Wiz.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/GamePark - GP2X.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/GamePark - GP32-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/GamePark - GP32.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Google - Nexus Player-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Google - Nexus Player.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Google - Stadia-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Google - Stadia.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Handheld Electronic Game-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Handheld Electronic Game.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Hartung - Game Master-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Hartung - Game Master.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Interton - VC 4000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Interton - VC 4000.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Interton - Video 2000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Interton - Video 2000.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Jump 'n Bump-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Jump 'n Bump.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Konami - Picno-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Konami - Picno.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/LJN - Video Art.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/LeapFrog - LeapPad-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/LeapFrog - LeapPad.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/LeapFrog - Leapster Learning Game System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/LeapFrog - Leapster Learning Game System.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/LeapFrog - My First LeapPad-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/LeapFrog - My First LeapPad.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Libretro - Pad.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Lutro-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Lutro.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/MAME 2000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/MAME 2000.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/MAME 2003-Plus-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/MAME 2003-Plus.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/MAME 2003-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/MAME 2003.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/MAME 2010-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/MAME 2010.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/MAME 2015-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/MAME 2015.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/MAME 2016-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/MAME 2016.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/MAME-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/MAME.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Magnavox - Odyssey-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Magnavox - Odyssey.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Magnavox - Odyssey2-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Magnavox - Odyssey2.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Mattel - HyperScan-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Mattel - HyperScan.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Mattel - Intellivision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Mattel - Intellivision.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Microsoft - MSX-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Microsoft - MSX.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Microsoft - MSX2-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Microsoft - MSX2.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Microsoft - Xbox 360 (Digital)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Microsoft - Xbox 360 (Digital).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Microsoft - Xbox 360-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Microsoft - Xbox 360.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Microsoft - Xbox One-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Microsoft - Xbox One.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Microsoft - Xbox Series X-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Microsoft - Xbox Series X.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Microsoft - Xbox-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Microsoft - Xbox.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Milton Bradley - Microvision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Milton Bradley - Microvision.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Minecraft-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Minecraft.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/MrBoom-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/MrBoom.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/NEC - PC Engine SuperGrafx-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/NEC - PC Engine SuperGrafx.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/NEC - PC-98-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/NEC - PC-98.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/NEC - PC-FX-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/NEC - PC-FX.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Neo Geo-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Neo Geo.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Nichibutsu - My Vision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Nichibutsu - My Vision.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Family Computer Disk System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Family Computer Disk System.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance (e-Reader)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance (e-Reader).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Game Boy Color-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Game Boy Color.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Game Boy-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Game Boy.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Nintendo - GameCube-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Nintendo - GameCube.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (DLC)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (DLC).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (Digital)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (Digital).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Nintendo 64-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Nintendo 64.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Nintendo 64DD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Nintendo 64DD.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Nintendo DS (Download Play)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Nintendo DS (Download Play).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Nintendo DS Decrypted-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Nintendo DS Decrypted.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Nintendo DS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Nintendo DS.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi (DLC)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi (DLC).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi Decrypted-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi Decrypted.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System (J).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System-content (J).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Pokemon Mini-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Pokemon Mini.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Satellaview-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Satellaview.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Sufami Turbo-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Sufami Turbo.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System (U).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System-content (U1).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System-content (U2).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Switch K.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Switch W.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Switch-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Switch.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Virtual Boy-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Virtual Boy.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Wii (Digital)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Wii (Digital).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Wii U-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Wii U.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Wii-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Wii.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Nintendo - e-Reader-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Nintendo - e-Reader.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Nokia - N-Gage-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Nokia - N-Gage.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Philips - Videopac+-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Philips - Videopac+.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Pioneer - Laseractive-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Pioneer - Laseractive.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Quake II-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Quake II.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Quake III-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Quake III.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Quake-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Quake.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/RCA - Studio II-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/RCA - Studio II.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/RPG Maker-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/RPG Maker.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Rick Dangerous-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Rick Dangerous.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/SNK - Neo Geo CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/SNK - Neo Geo CD.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket Color-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket Color.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/SNK - Neo Geo-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/SNK - Neo Geo.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/SSD - Xavixport-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/ScummVM-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/ScummVM.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Sega - 32X-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Sega - 32X.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Sega - Beena-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Sega - Beena.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Sega - Dreamcast-content (E).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Sega - Dreamcast-content (J).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Sega - Dreamcast-content (U).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Sega - Dreamcast-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Sega - Dreamcast.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Sega - Game Gear-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Sega - Game Gear.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Sega - Master System - Mark III-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Sega - Master System - Mark III.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis-content (J).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Sega - PICO-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Sega - PICO.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Sega - SG-1000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Sega - SG-1000.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Sega - Saturn (U).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Sega - Saturn-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Sega - Saturn.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Sharp - X68000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Sharp - X68000.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Sinclair - ZX 81-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Sinclair - ZX 81.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Sinclair - ZX Spectrum +3-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Sinclair - ZX Spectrum +3.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Sinclair - ZX Spectrum-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Sinclair - ZX Spectrum.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation 2-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation 2.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation 3 (DLC)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation 3 (DLC).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation 3 (Downloadable)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation 3 (Downloadable).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation 3 (PSN)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation 3 (PSN).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation 3-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation 3.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation 4-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation 4.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation Portable (DLC)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation Portable (DLC).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation Portable (PSN)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation Portable (PSN).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation Portable (PSX2PSP)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation Portable (PSX2PSP).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation Portable (UMD Music)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation Portable (UMD Music).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation Portable (UMD Video)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation Portable (UMD Video).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation Portable-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation Portable.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation Vita-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation Vita.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Spectravideo - SVI-318 - SVI-328-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Spectravideo - SVI-318 - SVI-328.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/TIC-80-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/TIC-80.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Tapwave - Zodiac-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Tapwave - Zodiac.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/The 3DO Company - 3DO-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/The 3DO Company - 3DO.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Thomson - MOTO-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Thomson - MOTO.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Tiger - Game.com-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Tiger - Game.com.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Tiger - Gizmondo-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Tiger - Gizmondo.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Tomb Raider-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Tomb Raider.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Tomy - Tutor-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Tomy - Tutor.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Umtech - VideoBrain-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Uzebox-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Uzebox.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/VM Labs - NUON-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/VM Labs - NUON.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/VTech - 3D Gamate-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/VTech - 3D Gamate.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/VTech - CreatiVision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/VTech - CreatiVision.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/VTech - Socrates-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/VTech - V.Flash-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/VTech - V.Smile-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/VTech - V.Smile.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Watara - Supervision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/Watara - Supervision.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/achievement-list.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/add-favorite.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/add.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/arrow.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/battery-20.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/battery-40.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/battery-60.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/battery-80.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/battery-charging.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/battery-full.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/bg.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/bluetooth.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/clock.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/close.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/core-cheat-options.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/core-disk-options.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/core-infos.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/core-input-remapping-options.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/core-options.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/core-shader-options.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/core.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/cursor.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/database.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/default-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/default.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/dialog-slice.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/favorites-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/favorites.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/file.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/folder.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/history.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/iQue - iQue-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/iQue - iQue.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/image.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/images.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/input_ADC.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/input_BIND_ALL.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/input_BTN-D.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/input_BTN-L.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/input_BTN-R.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/input_BTN-U.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/input_DPAD-D.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/input_DPAD-L.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/input_DPAD-R.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/input_DPAD-U.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/input_LB.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/input_LGUN.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/input_LT.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/input_MOUSE.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/input_RB.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/input_RT.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/input_SELECT.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/input_START.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/input_STCK-D.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/input_STCK-L.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/input_STCK-P.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/input_STCK-R.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/input_STCK-U.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/input_TURBO.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/key-hover.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/key.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/lakka.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/loadstate.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/menu_achievements.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/menu_add.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/menu_apply_cog.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/menu_apply_toggle.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/menu_audio.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/menu_brightness.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/menu_check.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/menu_drivers.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/menu_exit.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/menu_frameskip.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/menu_help.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/menu_hourglass.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/menu_info.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/menu_latency.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/menu_log.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/menu_mixer.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/menu_network.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/menu_notifications.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/menu_osd.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/menu_overlay.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/menu_override.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/menu_pause.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/menu_playlist.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/menu_power.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/menu_privacy.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/menu_quickmenu.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/menu_record.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/menu_rewind.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/menu_room.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/menu_room_lan.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/menu_room_relay.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/menu_saving.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/menu_shutdown.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/menu_stream.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/menu_ui.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/menu_updater.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/menu_user.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/menu_video.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/menu_volume_max.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/menu_volume_med.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/menu_volume_min.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/menu_volume_mute.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/movie.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/movies.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/music.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/musics.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/netplay.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/off.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/on.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/pointer.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/reload.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/rename.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/resume.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/retroarch.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/run.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/savestate.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/screenshot.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/setting.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/settings.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/subsetting.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/undo.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/wifi.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/512/zip.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/1292 Advanced Programmable Video System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/1292 Advanced Programmable Video System.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/2048-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/2048.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/ACT - Apricot PC Xi-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/ACT - Apricot PC Xi.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/APF - Imagination Machine-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/APF - Imagination Machine.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/APF - MP-1000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/APF - MP-1000.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Acorn - Archimedes-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Acorn - Archimedes.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Acorn - Atom-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Acorn - Atom.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Acorn - BBC Micro-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Acorn - BBC Micro.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Amazon - Fire TV-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Amazon - Fire TV.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Amazon - Luna-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Amazon - Luna.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Amstrad - CPC-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Amstrad - CPC.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Amstrad - GX4000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Amstrad - GX4000.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Apple - I-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Apple - I.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Apple - II Plus-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Apple - II Plus.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Apple - II-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Apple - II.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Apple - IIe-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Apple - IIe.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Apple - Macintosh-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Apple - Macintosh.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Apple-Bandai - Pippin-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Apple-Bandai - Pippin.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Atari - 2600-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Atari - 2600.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Atari - 5200-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Atari - 5200.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Atari - 7800-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Atari - 7800.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Atari - 8-bit-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Atari - 8-bit.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Atari - Jaguar CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Atari - Jaguar CD.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Atari - Jaguar-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Atari - Jaguar.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Atari - Lynx-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Atari - Lynx.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Atari - Pong-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Atari - Pong.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Atari - ST (Tapes)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Atari - ST (Tapes).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Atari - ST-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Atari - ST.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Atari - VCS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Atari - VCS.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Atari - XEGS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Atari - XEGS.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/BBC - Bridge Companion-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/BBC - Bridge Companion.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Bally - Astrocade (Tapes)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Bally - Astrocade (Tapes).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Bally - Astrocade-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Bally - Astrocade.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Bandai - Design Master Denshi Mangajuku-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Bandai - Design Master Denshi Mangajuku.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Bandai - Gundam RX-78-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Bandai - Gundam RX-78.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Bandai - Playdia-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Bandai - Playdia.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Bandai - Super Vision 8000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Bandai - Super Vision 8000.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Bandai - Terebikko-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Bandai - Terebikko.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Bandai - WonderSwan Color-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Bandai - WonderSwan Color.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Bandai - WonderSwan-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Bandai - WonderSwan.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Benesse - Pocket Challenge V2-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Benesse - Pocket Challenge V2.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Benesse - Pocket Challenge W-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Benesse - Pocket Challenge W.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Bit Corporation - Gamate-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Bit Corporation - Gamate.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/CHIP-8-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/CHIP-8.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Cannonball-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Cannonball.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Capcom - CP System I-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Capcom - CP System I.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Capcom - CP System II-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Capcom - CP System II.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Capcom - CP System III-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Capcom - CP System III.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Casio - Loopy-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Casio - Loopy.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Casio - PV-1000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Casio - PV-1000.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Cave Story-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Cave Story.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/ChaiLove-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/ChaiLove.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Coleco - ColecoVision ADAM-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Coleco - ColecoVision ADAM.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Coleco - ColecoVision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Coleco - ColecoVision.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Commodore - 64 (PP)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Commodore - 64 (PP).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Commodore - 64 (Tapes)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Commodore - 64 (Tapes).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Commodore - 64-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Commodore - 64.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Commodore - Amiga-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Commodore - Amiga.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Commodore - CD32-content 2.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Commodore - CD32-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Commodore - CD32.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Commodore - CDTV-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Commodore - CDTV.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Commodore - Plus-4-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Commodore - Plus-4.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Commodore - VIC-20-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Commodore - VIC-20.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Connor - VideoSmarts-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Connor - VideoSmarts.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/DOOM-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/DOOM.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/DOS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/DOS.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Dinothawr-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Dinothawr.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Dungeon Crawl Stone Soup-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Dungeon Crawl Stone Soup.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Emerson - Arcadia 2001-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Emerson - Arcadia 2001.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Entex - Adventure Vision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Entex - Adventure Vision.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Entex - Select-A-Game-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Entex - Select-A-Game.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Epoch - Cassette Vision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Epoch - Cassette Vision.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Epoch - Game Pocket Computer-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Epoch - Game Pocket Computer.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Epoch - Super Cassette Vision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Epoch - Super Cassette Vision.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Epoch - TV Tennis Electrotennis-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Epoch - TV Tennis Electrotennis.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/FBNeo - Arcade Games-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/FBNeo - Arcade Games.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/FFmpeg-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/FFmpeg.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Fairchild - Channel F-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Fairchild - Channel F.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Flashback-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Flashback.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Fujitsu - FM Towns Marty-content 2.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Fujitsu - FM Towns Marty-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Fujitsu - FM Towns Marty.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Fukutake Publishing - StudyBox-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Fukutake Publishing - StudyBox.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Funtech - Super Acan-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Funtech - Super Acan.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/GCE - Vectrex-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/GCE - Vectrex.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Gakken - Compact Vision TV Boy-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Gakken - Compact Vision TV Boy.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Game-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Game.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/GamePark - Caanoo.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/GamePark - GP2X F200.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/GamePark - GP2X Wiz.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/GamePark - GP2X.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/GamePark - GP32-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/GamePark - GP32.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Google - Nexus Player-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Google - Nexus Player.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Google - Stadia-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Google - Stadia.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Handheld Electronic Game-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Handheld Electronic Game.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Hartung - Game Master-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Hartung - Game Master.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Interton - VC 4000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Interton - VC 4000.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Interton - Video 2000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Interton - Video 2000.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Jump 'n Bump-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Jump 'n Bump.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Konami - Picno-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Konami - Picno.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/LJN - Video Art.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/LeapFrog - LeapPad-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/LeapFrog - LeapPad.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/LeapFrog - Leapster Learning Game System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/LeapFrog - Leapster Learning Game System.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/LeapFrog - My First LeapPad-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/LeapFrog - My First LeapPad.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Libretro - Pad.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Lutro-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Lutro.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/MAME 2000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/MAME 2000.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/MAME 2003-Plus-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/MAME 2003-Plus.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/MAME 2003-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/MAME 2003.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/MAME 2010-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/MAME 2010.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/MAME 2015-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/MAME 2015.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/MAME 2016-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/MAME 2016.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/MAME-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/MAME.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Magnavox - Odyssey-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Magnavox - Odyssey.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Magnavox - Odyssey2-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Magnavox - Odyssey2.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Mattel - HyperScan-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Mattel - HyperScan.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Mattel - Intellivision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Mattel - Intellivision.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Microsoft - MSX-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Microsoft - MSX.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Microsoft - MSX2-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Microsoft - MSX2.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Microsoft - Xbox 360 (Digital)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Microsoft - Xbox 360 (Digital).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Microsoft - Xbox 360-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Microsoft - Xbox 360.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Microsoft - Xbox One-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Microsoft - Xbox One.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Microsoft - Xbox Series X-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Microsoft - Xbox Series X.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Microsoft - Xbox-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Microsoft - Xbox.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Milton Bradley - Microvision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Milton Bradley - Microvision.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Minecraft-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Minecraft.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/MrBoom-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/MrBoom.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/NEC - PC Engine SuperGrafx-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/NEC - PC Engine SuperGrafx.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/NEC - PC-98-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/NEC - PC-98.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/NEC - PC-FX-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/NEC - PC-FX.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Neo Geo-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Neo Geo.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Nichibutsu - My Vision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Nichibutsu - My Vision.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Family Computer Disk System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Family Computer Disk System.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance (e-Reader)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance (e-Reader).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Game Boy Color-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Game Boy Color.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Game Boy-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Game Boy.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Nintendo - GameCube-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Nintendo - GameCube.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (DLC)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (DLC).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (Digital)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (Digital).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Nintendo 64-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Nintendo 64.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Nintendo 64DD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Nintendo 64DD.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Nintendo DS (Download Play)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Nintendo DS (Download Play).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Nintendo DS Decrypted-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Nintendo DS Decrypted.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Nintendo DS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Nintendo DS.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi (DLC)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi (DLC).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi Decrypted-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi Decrypted.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System (J).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System-content (J).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Pokemon Mini-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Pokemon Mini.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Satellaview-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Satellaview.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Sufami Turbo-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Sufami Turbo.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System (U).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System-content (U1).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System-content (U2).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Switch K.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Switch W.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Switch-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Switch.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Virtual Boy-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Virtual Boy.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Wii (Digital)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Wii (Digital).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Wii U-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Wii U.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Wii-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Wii.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Nintendo - e-Reader-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Nintendo - e-Reader.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Nokia - N-Gage-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Nokia - N-Gage.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Philips - Videopac+-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Philips - Videopac+.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Pioneer - Laseractive-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Pioneer - Laseractive.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Quake II-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Quake II.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Quake III-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Quake III.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Quake-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Quake.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/RCA - Studio II-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/RCA - Studio II.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/RPG Maker-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/RPG Maker.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Rick Dangerous-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Rick Dangerous.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/SNK - Neo Geo CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/SNK - Neo Geo CD.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket Color-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket Color.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/SNK - Neo Geo-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/SNK - Neo Geo.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/SSD - Xavixport-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/ScummVM-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/ScummVM.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Sega - 32X-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Sega - 32X.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Sega - Beena-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Sega - Beena.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Sega - Dreamcast-content (E).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Sega - Dreamcast-content (J).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Sega - Dreamcast-content (U).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Sega - Dreamcast-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Sega - Dreamcast.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Sega - Game Gear-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Sega - Game Gear.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Sega - Master System - Mark III-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Sega - Master System - Mark III.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis-content (J).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Sega - PICO-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Sega - PICO.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Sega - SG-1000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Sega - SG-1000.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Sega - Saturn (U).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Sega - Saturn-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Sega - Saturn.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Sharp - X68000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Sharp - X68000.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Sinclair - ZX 81-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Sinclair - ZX 81.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Sinclair - ZX Spectrum +3-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Sinclair - ZX Spectrum +3.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Sinclair - ZX Spectrum-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Sinclair - ZX Spectrum.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation 2-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation 2.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation 3 (DLC)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation 3 (DLC).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation 3 (Downloadable)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation 3 (Downloadable).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation 3 (PSN)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation 3 (PSN).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation 3-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation 3.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation 4-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation 4.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation Portable (DLC)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation Portable (DLC).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation Portable (PSN)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation Portable (PSN).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation Portable (PSX2PSP)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation Portable (PSX2PSP).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation Portable (UMD Music)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation Portable (UMD Music).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation Portable (UMD Video)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation Portable (UMD Video).png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation Portable-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation Portable.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation Vita-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation Vita.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Spectravideo - SVI-318 - SVI-328-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Spectravideo - SVI-318 - SVI-328.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/TIC-80-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/TIC-80.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Tapwave - Zodiac-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Tapwave - Zodiac.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/The 3DO Company - 3DO-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/The 3DO Company - 3DO.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Thomson - MOTO-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Thomson - MOTO.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Tiger - Game.com-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Tiger - Game.com.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Tiger - Gizmondo-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Tiger - Gizmondo.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Tomb Raider-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Tomb Raider.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Tomy - Tutor-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Tomy - Tutor.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Umtech - VideoBrain-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Uzebox-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Uzebox.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/VM Labs - NUON-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/VM Labs - NUON.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/VTech - 3D Gamate-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/VTech - 3D Gamate.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/VTech - CreatiVision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/VTech - CreatiVision.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/VTech - Socrates-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/VTech - V.Flash-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/VTech - V.Smile-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/VTech - V.Smile.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Watara - Supervision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/Watara - Supervision.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/achievement-list.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/add-favorite.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/add.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/arrow.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/battery-20.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/battery-40.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/battery-60.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/battery-80.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/battery-charging.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/battery-full.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/bg.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/bluetooth.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/clock.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/close.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/core-cheat-options.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/core-disk-options.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/core-infos.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/core-input-remapping-options.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/core-options.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/core-shader-options.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/core.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/cursor.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/database.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/default-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/default.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/dialog-slice.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/favorites-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/favorites.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/file.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/folder.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/history.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/iQue - iQue-content.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/iQue - iQue.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/image.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/images.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/input_ADC.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/input_BIND_ALL.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/input_BTN-D.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/input_BTN-L.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/input_BTN-R.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/input_BTN-U.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/input_DPAD-D.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/input_DPAD-L.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/input_DPAD-R.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/input_DPAD-U.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/input_LB.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/input_LGUN.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/input_LT.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/input_MOUSE.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/input_RB.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/input_RT.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/input_SELECT.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/input_START.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/input_STCK-D.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/input_STCK-L.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/input_STCK-P.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/input_STCK-R.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/input_STCK-U.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/input_TURBO.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/key-hover.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/key.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/lakka.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/loadstate.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/menu_achievements.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/menu_add.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/menu_apply_cog.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/menu_apply_toggle.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/menu_audio.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/menu_brightness.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/menu_check.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/menu_drivers.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/menu_exit.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/menu_frameskip.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/menu_help.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/menu_hourglass.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/menu_info.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/menu_latency.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/menu_log.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/menu_mixer.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/menu_network.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/menu_notifications.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/menu_osd.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/menu_overlay.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/menu_override.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/menu_pause.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/menu_playlist.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/menu_power.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/menu_privacy.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/menu_quickmenu.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/menu_record.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/menu_rewind.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/menu_room.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/menu_room_lan.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/menu_room_relay.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/menu_saving.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/menu_shutdown.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/menu_stream.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/menu_ui.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/menu_updater.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/menu_user.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/menu_video.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/menu_volume_max.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/menu_volume_med.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/menu_volume_min.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/menu_volume_mute.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/movie.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/movies.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/music.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/musics.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/netplay.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/off.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/on.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/pointer.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/reload.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/rename.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/resume.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/retroarch.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/run.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/savestate.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/screenshot.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/setting.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/settings.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/subsetting.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/undo.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/wifi.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/png/64/zip.png
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/icons/xmb/sample.txt
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/backgrounds/flatux_bg.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/1292 Advanced Programmable Video System-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/1292 Advanced Programmable Video System.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/2048-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/2048.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/ACT - Apricot PC Xi-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/ACT - Apricot PC Xi.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/APF - Imagination Machine-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/APF - Imagination Machine.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/APF - MP-1000-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/APF - MP-1000.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Acorn - Archimedes-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Acorn - Archimedes.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Acorn - Atom-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Acorn - Atom.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Acorn - BBC Micro-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Acorn - BBC Micro.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Amazon - Fire TV-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Amazon - Fire TV.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Amazon - Luna-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Amazon - Luna.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Amstrad - CPC-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Amstrad - CPC.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Amstrad - GX4000-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Amstrad - GX4000.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Apple - I-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Apple - I.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Apple - II Plus-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Apple - II Plus.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Apple - II-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Apple - II.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Apple - IIe-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Apple - IIe.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Apple - Macintosh-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Apple - Macintosh.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Apple-Bandai - Pippin-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Apple-Bandai - Pippin.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Atari - 2600-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Atari - 2600.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Atari - 5200-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Atari - 5200.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Atari - 7800-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Atari - 7800.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Atari - 8-bit-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Atari - 8-bit.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Atari - Jaguar CD-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Atari - Jaguar CD.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Atari - Jaguar-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Atari - Jaguar.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Atari - Lynx-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Atari - Lynx.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Atari - Pong-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Atari - Pong.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Atari - ST (Tapes)-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Atari - ST (Tapes).svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Atari - ST-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Atari - ST.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Atari - VCS-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Atari - VCS.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Atari - XEGS-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Atari - XEGS.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/BBC - Bridge Companion-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/BBC - Bridge Companion.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Bally - Astrocade (Tapes)-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Bally - Astrocade (Tapes).svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Bally - Astrocade-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Bally - Astrocade.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Bandai - Design Master Denshi Mangajuku-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Bandai - Design Master Denshi Mangajuku.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Bandai - Gundam RX-78-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Bandai - Gundam RX-78.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Bandai - Playdia-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Bandai - Playdia.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Bandai - Super Vision 8000-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Bandai - Super Vision 8000.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Bandai - Terebikko-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Bandai - Terebikko.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Bandai - WonderSwan Color-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Bandai - WonderSwan Color.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Bandai - WonderSwan-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Bandai - WonderSwan.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Benesse - Pocket Challenge V2-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Benesse - Pocket Challenge V2.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Benesse - Pocket Challenge W-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Benesse - Pocket Challenge W.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Bit Corporation - Gamate-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Bit Corporation - Gamate.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/CHIP-8-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/CHIP-8.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Cannonball-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Cannonball.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Capcom - CP System I-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Capcom - CP System I.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Capcom - CP System II-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Capcom - CP System II.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Capcom - CP System III-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Capcom - CP System III.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Casio - Loopy-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Casio - Loopy.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Casio - PV-1000-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Casio - PV-1000.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Cave Story-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Cave Story.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/ChaiLove-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/ChaiLove.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Coleco - ColecoVision ADAM-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Coleco - ColecoVision ADAM.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Coleco - ColecoVision-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Coleco - ColecoVision.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Commodore - 64 (PP)-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Commodore - 64 (PP).svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Commodore - 64 (Tapes)-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Commodore - 64 (Tapes).svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Commodore - 64-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Commodore - 64.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Commodore - Amiga-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Commodore - Amiga.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Commodore - CD32-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Commodore - CD32.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Commodore - CDTV-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Commodore - CDTV.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Commodore - Plus-4-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Commodore - Plus-4.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Commodore - VIC-20-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Commodore - VIC-20.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Connor - VideoSmarts-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Connor - VideoSmarts.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/DOOM-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/DOOM.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/DOS-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/DOS.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Dinothawr-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Dinothawr.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Dungeon Crawl Stone Soup-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Dungeon Crawl Stone Soup.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Emerson - Arcadia 2001-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Emerson - Arcadia 2001.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Entex - Adventure Vision-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Entex - Adventure Vision.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Entex - Select-A-Game-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Entex - Select-A-Game.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Epoch - Cassette Vision-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Epoch - Cassette Vision.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Epoch - Game Pocket Computer-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Epoch - Game Pocket Computer.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Epoch - Super Cassette Vision-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Epoch - Super Cassette Vision.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Epoch - TV Tennis Electrotennis-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Epoch - TV Tennis Electrotennis.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/FBNeo - Arcade Games-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/FBNeo - Arcade Games.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/FFmpeg-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/FFmpeg.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Fairchild - Channel F-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Fairchild - Channel F.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Flashback-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Flashback.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Fujitsu - FM Towns Marty-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Fujitsu - FM Towns Marty.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Fukutake Publishing - StudyBox-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Fukutake Publishing - StudyBox.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Funtech - Super Acan-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Funtech - Super Acan.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/GCE - Vectrex-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/GCE - Vectrex.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Gakken - Compact Vision TV Boy-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Gakken - Compact Vision TV Boy.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Game-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Game.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/GamePark - Caanoo.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/GamePark - GP2X F200.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/GamePark - GP2X Wiz.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/GamePark - GP2X.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/GamePark - GP32-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/GamePark - GP32.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Google - Nexus Player-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Google - Nexus Player.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Google - Stadia-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Google - Stadia.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Handheld Electronic Game-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Handheld Electronic Game.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Hartung - Game Master-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Hartung - Game Master.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Interton - VC 4000-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Interton - VC 4000.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Interton - Video 2000-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Interton - Video 2000.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Jump 'n Bump-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Jump 'n Bump.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Konami - Picno-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Konami - Picno.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/LJN - Video Art.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/LeapFrog - LeapPad-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/LeapFrog - LeapPad.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/LeapFrog - Leapster Learning Game System-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/LeapFrog - Leapster Learning Game System.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/LeapFrog - My First LeapPad-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/LeapFrog - My First LeapPad.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Libretro - Pad.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Lutro-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Lutro.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/MAME 2000-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/MAME 2000.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/MAME 2003-Plus-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/MAME 2003-Plus.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/MAME 2003-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/MAME 2003.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/MAME 2010-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/MAME 2010.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/MAME 2015-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/MAME 2015.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/MAME 2016-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/MAME 2016.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/MAME-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/MAME.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Magnavox - Odyssey-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Magnavox - Odyssey.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Magnavox - Odyssey2-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Magnavox - Odyssey2.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Mattel - HyperScan-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Mattel - HyperScan.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Mattel - Intellivision-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Mattel - Intellivision.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Microsoft - MSX-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Microsoft - MSX.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Microsoft - MSX2-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Microsoft - MSX2.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Microsoft - Xbox 360 (Digital)-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Microsoft - Xbox 360 (Digital).svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Microsoft - Xbox 360-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Microsoft - Xbox 360.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Microsoft - Xbox One-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Microsoft - Xbox One.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Microsoft - Xbox Series X-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Microsoft - Xbox Series X.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Microsoft - Xbox-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Microsoft - Xbox.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Milton Bradley - Microvision-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Milton Bradley - Microvision.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Minecraft-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Minecraft.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/MrBoom-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/MrBoom.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/NEC - PC Engine SuperGrafx-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/NEC - PC Engine SuperGrafx.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/NEC - PC-98-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/NEC - PC-98.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/NEC - PC-FX-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/NEC - PC-FX.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Neo Geo-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Neo Geo.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Nichibutsu - My Vision-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Nichibutsu - My Vision.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Nintendo - Family Computer Disk System-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Nintendo - Family Computer Disk System.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance (e-Reader)-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance (e-Reader).svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Nintendo - Game Boy Color-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Nintendo - Game Boy Color.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Nintendo - Game Boy-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Nintendo - Game Boy.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Nintendo - GameCube-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Nintendo - GameCube.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (DLC)-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (DLC).svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (Digital)-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (Digital).svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Nintendo - Nintendo 64-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Nintendo - Nintendo 64.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Nintendo - Nintendo 64DD-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Nintendo - Nintendo 64DD.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Nintendo - Nintendo DS (Download Play)-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Nintendo - Nintendo DS (Download Play).svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Nintendo - Nintendo DS Decrypted-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Nintendo - Nintendo DS Decrypted.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Nintendo - Nintendo DS-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Nintendo - Nintendo DS.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi (DLC)-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi (DLC).svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi Decrypted-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi Decrypted.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System (J).svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System-content (J).svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Nintendo - Pokemon Mini-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Nintendo - Pokemon Mini.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Nintendo - Satellaview-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Nintendo - Satellaview.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Nintendo - Sufami Turbo-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Nintendo - Sufami Turbo.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System (U).svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System-content (U1).svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System-content (U2).svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Nintendo - Switch K.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Nintendo - Switch W.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Nintendo - Switch-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Nintendo - Switch.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Nintendo - Virtual Boy-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Nintendo - Virtual Boy.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Nintendo - Wii (Digital)-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Nintendo - Wii (Digital).svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Nintendo - Wii U-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Nintendo - Wii U.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Nintendo - Wii-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Nintendo - Wii.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Nintendo - e-Reader-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Nintendo - e-Reader.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Nokia - N-Gage-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Nokia - N-Gage.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Philips - Videopac+-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Philips - Videopac+.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Pioneer - Laseractive-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Pioneer - Laseractive.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Quake II-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Quake II.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Quake III-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Quake III.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Quake-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Quake.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/RCA - Studio II-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/RCA - Studio II.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/RPG Maker-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/RPG Maker.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Rick Dangerous-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Rick Dangerous.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/SNK - Neo Geo CD-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/SNK - Neo Geo CD.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket Color-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket Color.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/SNK - Neo Geo-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/SNK - Neo Geo.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/SSD - Xavixport-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/ScummVM-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/ScummVM.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Sega - 32X-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Sega - 32X.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Sega - Beena-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Sega - Beena.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Sega - Dreamcast-content (E).svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Sega - Dreamcast-content (J).svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Sega - Dreamcast-content (U).svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Sega - Dreamcast-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Sega - Dreamcast.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Sega - Game Gear-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Sega - Game Gear.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Sega - Master System - Mark III-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Sega - Master System - Mark III.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis-content (J).svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Sega - PICO-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Sega - PICO.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Sega - SG-1000-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Sega - SG-1000.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Sega - Saturn (U).svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Sega - Saturn-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Sega - Saturn.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Sharp - X68000-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Sharp - X68000.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Sinclair - ZX 81-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Sinclair - ZX 81.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Sinclair - ZX Spectrum +3-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Sinclair - ZX Spectrum +3.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Sinclair - ZX Spectrum-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Sinclair - ZX Spectrum.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation 2-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation 2.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation 3 (DLC)-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation 3 (DLC).svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation 3 (Downloadable)-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation 3 (Downloadable).svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation 3 (PSN)-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation 3 (PSN).svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation 3-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation 3.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation 4-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation 4.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation Portable (DLC)-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation Portable (DLC).svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation Portable (PSN)-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation Portable (PSN).svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation Portable (PSX2PSP)-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation Portable (PSX2PSP).svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation Portable (UMD Music)-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation Portable (UMD Music).svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation Portable (UMD Video)-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation Portable (UMD Video).svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation Portable-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation Portable.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation Vita-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation Vita.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Spectravideo - SVI-318 - SVI-328-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Spectravideo - SVI-318 - SVI-328.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/TIC-80-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/TIC-80.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Tapwave - Zodiac-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Tapwave - Zodiac.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/The 3DO Company - 3DO-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/The 3DO Company - 3DO.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Thomson - MOTO-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Thomson - MOTO.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Tiger - Game.com-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Tiger - Game.com.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Tiger - Game.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Tiger - Gizmondo-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Tiger - Gizmondo.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Tomb Raider-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Tomb Raider.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Tomy - Tutor-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Tomy - Tutor.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Umtech - VideoBrain-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Uzebox-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Uzebox.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/VM Labs - NUON-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/VM Labs - NUON.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/VTech - 3D Gamate-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/VTech - 3D Gamate.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/VTech - CreatiVision-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/VTech - CreatiVision.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/VTech - Socrates-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/VTech - V.Flash-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/VTech - V.Smile-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/VTech - V.Smile.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Watara - Supervision-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/Watara - Supervision.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/achievement-list.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/add-favorite.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/add.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/arrow.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/battery-20.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/battery-40.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/battery-60.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/battery-80.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/battery-charging.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/battery-full.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/bg.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/bluetooth.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/clock.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/close.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/core-cheat-options.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/core-disk-options.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/core-infos.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/core-input-remapping-options.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/core-options.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/core-shader-options.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/core.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/cursor.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/database.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/default-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/default.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/dialog-slice.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/favorites-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/favorites.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/file.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/folder.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/history.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/iQue - iQue-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/iQue - iQue.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/image.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/images.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/input_ADC.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/input_BIND_ALL.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/input_BTN-D.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/input_BTN-L.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/input_BTN-R.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/input_BTN-U.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/input_DPAD-D.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/input_DPAD-L.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/input_DPAD-R.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/input_DPAD-U.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/input_LB.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/input_LGUN.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/input_LT.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/input_MOUSE.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/input_RB.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/input_RT.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/input_SELECT.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/input_START.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/input_STCK-D.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/input_STCK-L.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/input_STCK-P.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/input_STCK-R.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/input_STCK-U.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/input_TURBO.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/key-hover.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/key.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/lakka.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/loadstate.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/menu_achievements.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/menu_add.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/menu_apply_cog.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/menu_apply_toggle.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/menu_audio.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/menu_brightness.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/menu_check.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/menu_drivers.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/menu_exit.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/menu_frameskip.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/menu_help.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/menu_hourglass.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/menu_info.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/menu_latency.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/menu_log.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/menu_mixer.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/menu_network.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/menu_notifications.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/menu_osd.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/menu_overlay.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/menu_override.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/menu_pause.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/menu_playlist.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/menu_power.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/menu_privacy.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/menu_quickmenu.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/menu_record.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/menu_rewind.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/menu_room.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/menu_room_lan.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/menu_room_relay.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/menu_saving.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/menu_shutdown.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/menu_stream.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/menu_ui.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/menu_updater.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/menu_user.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/menu_video.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/menu_volume_max.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/menu_volume_med.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/menu_volume_min.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/menu_volume_mute.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/movie.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/movies.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/music.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/musics.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/netplay.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/off.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/on.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/pointer.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/reload.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/rename.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/resume.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/retroarch.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/run.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/savestate.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/screenshot.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/setting.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/settings.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/subsetting.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/undo.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/wifi.svg
share/libretro/assets/FlatUX/src/svg/zip.svg
share/libretro/assets/Makefile.orig
share/libretro/assets/README.md
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/README.md
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/backgrounds/systematic_4kuhd.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/backgrounds/systematic_8kuhd.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/backgrounds/systematic_fhd.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/backgrounds/systematic_sd.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/common/sample.txt
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/glui/sample.txt
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/ozone/sample.txt
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/1292 Advanced Programmable Video System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/1292 Advanced Programmable Video System.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/2048-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/2048.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/ACT - Apricot PC Xi-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/ACT - Apricot PC Xi.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/APF - Imagination Machine-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/APF - Imagination Machine.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/APF - MP-1000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/APF - MP-1000.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Acorn - Archimedes-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Acorn - Archimedes.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Acorn - Atom (Tapes)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Acorn - Atom (Tapes).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Acorn - Atom-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Acorn - Atom.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Acorn - BBC Micro-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Acorn - BBC Micro.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Acorn - Risc PC-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Acorn - Risc PC.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Acorn RISC OS - Flash Media-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Acorn RISC OS - Flash Media.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Amazon - Fire TV (2nd Gen).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Amazon - Fire TV (3rd Gen).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Amazon - Fire TV Cube.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Amazon - Fire TV-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Amazon - Fire TV.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Amazon - Luna-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Amazon - Luna.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Amstrad - CPC-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Amstrad - CPC.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Amstrad - GX4000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Amstrad - GX4000.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Analogue - Analogue Pocket W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Analogue - Analogue Pocket-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Analogue - Analogue Pocket.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Apple - I (Tapes)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Apple - I (Tapes).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Apple - I-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Apple - I.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Apple - II Plus-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Apple - II Plus.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Apple - II-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Apple - II.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Apple - IIGS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Apple - IIGS.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Apple - IIe-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Apple - IIe.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Apple - Macintosh (BETA)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Apple - Macintosh (BETA).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Apple - Macintosh-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Apple - Macintosh.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Apple-Bandai - Pippin K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Apple-Bandai - Pippin-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Apple-Bandai - Pippin.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Atari - 2600 637.75000.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Atari - 2600 CX2600A K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Atari - 2600 CX2600A.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Atari - 2600 CX2600JR.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Atari - 2600 CX2600JRA.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Atari - 2600 CX2600JRB.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Atari - 2600 CX2700.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Atari - 2600 Flashback 2.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Atari - 2600 Flashback.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Atari - 2600-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Atari - 2600.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Atari - 5200-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Atari - 5200.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Atari - 7800-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Atari - 7800.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Atari - 8-bit-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Atari - 8-bit.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Atari - Jaguar CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Atari - Jaguar CD.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Atari - Jaguar-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Atari - Jaguar.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Atari - Lynx PAG-0401.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Atari - Lynx-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Atari - Lynx.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Atari - Pong 25796.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Atari - Pong C-140.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Atari - Pong C-200.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Atari - Pong-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Atari - Pong.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Atari - ST (Tapes)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Atari - ST (Tapes).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Atari - ST-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Atari - ST.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Atari - VCS K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Atari - VCS O.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Atari - VCS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Atari - VCS.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Atari - XEGS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Atari - XEGS.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Atomiswave (alt)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Atomiswave (alt).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/BBC - Bridge Companion-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/BBC - Bridge Companion.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Bally - Astrocade-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Bally - Astrocade.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Bandai - Playdia-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Bandai - Playdia.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Bandai - Super Vision 8000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Bandai - Super Vision 8000.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Bandai - Terebikko-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Bandai - Terebikko.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Bandai - WonderSwan Color SCT-001 R.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Bandai - WonderSwan Color WSC-001 B.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Bandai - WonderSwan Color WSC-001 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Bandai - WonderSwan Color WSC-001 O.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Bandai - WonderSwan Color WSC-001 S.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Bandai - WonderSwan Color-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Bandai - WonderSwan Color.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Bandai - WonderSwan-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Bandai - WonderSwan.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Benesse - Pocket Challenge V2-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Benesse - Pocket Challenge V2.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Benesse - Pocket Challenge W-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Benesse - Pocket Challenge W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Bit Corporation - Gamate-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Bit Corporation - Gamate.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/CHIP-8-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/CHIP-8.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Cannonball-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Cannonball.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Capcom - CP System Changer.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Capcom - CP System I-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Capcom - CP System I.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Capcom - CP System II (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Capcom - CP System II-content (As).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Capcom - CP System II-content (B).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Capcom - CP System II-content (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Capcom - CP System II-content (Rental).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Capcom - CP System II-content (W).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Capcom - CP System II-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Capcom - CP System II.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Capcom - CP System III CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Capcom - CP System III-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Capcom - CP System III-content_combo.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Capcom - CP System III-content_mobo.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Capcom - CP System III.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Casio - Loopy-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Casio - Loopy.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Casio - PV-1000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Casio - PV-1000.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Cave Story-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Cave Story.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/ChaiLove-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/ChaiLove.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Coleco - ColecoVision ADAM-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Coleco - ColecoVision ADAM.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Coleco - ColecoVision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Coleco - ColecoVision.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Coleco - Telstar 6030.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Coleco - Telstar 6040.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Coleco - Telstar 6045.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Coleco - Telstar 6065.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Coleco - Telstar 6071.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Coleco - Telstar 6135.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Commodore - 64 (PP)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Commodore - 64 (PP).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Commodore - 64 (Tapes)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Commodore - 64 (Tapes).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Commodore - 64 64C.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Commodore - 64 Games System.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Commodore - 64-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Commodore - 64.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Commodore - Amiga-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Commodore - Amiga.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Commodore - CD32-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Commodore - CD32.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Commodore - CDTV-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Commodore - CDTV.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Commodore - Plus-4-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Commodore - Plus-4.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Commodore - VIC-20-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Commodore - VIC-20.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Connor - VideoSmarts-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Connor - VideoSmarts.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/DOOM-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/DOOM.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/DOS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/DOS.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Dinothawr-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Dinothawr.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Dungeon Crawl Stone Soup-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Dungeon Crawl Stone Soup.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Emerson - Arcadia 2001-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Emerson - Arcadia 2001.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Entex - Adventure Vision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Entex - Adventure Vision.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Entex - Select-A-Game-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Entex - Select-A-Game.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Epoch - Cassette Vision Jr.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Epoch - Cassette Vision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Epoch - Cassette Vision.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Epoch - Game Pocket Computer-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Epoch - Game Pocket Computer.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Epoch - Super Cassette Vision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Epoch - Super Cassette Vision.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Epoch - TV Tennis Electrotennis-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Epoch - TV Tennis Electrotennis.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/FBNeo - Arcade Games-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/FBNeo - Arcade Games.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/FFmpeg-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/FFmpeg.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Fairchild - Channel F System II.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Fairchild - Channel F-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Fairchild - Channel F.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Flashback-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Flashback.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Fujitsu - FM Towns Marty 2.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Fujitsu - FM Towns Marty-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Fujitsu - FM Towns Marty.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Fujitsu - FM Towns.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Fujitsu - FM-7.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Fujitsu - FMR50.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Fukutake Publishing - StudyBox HVC-101.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Fukutake Publishing - StudyBox-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Fukutake Publishing - StudyBox.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Funtech - Super Acan-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Funtech - Super Acan.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/GCE - Vectrex-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/GCE - Vectrex.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Gakken - Compact Vision TV Boy-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Gakken - Compact Vision TV Boy.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Game-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Game.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/GamePark - Caanoo.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/GamePark - GP2X F200.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/GamePark - GP2X Wiz.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/GamePark - GP2X.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/GamePark - GP32-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/GamePark - GP32.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Google - Nexus Player-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Google - Nexus Player.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Google - Stadia G.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Google - Stadia W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Google - Stadia-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Google - Stadia.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Handheld Electronic Game - Acclaim.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Handheld Electronic Game - M 2024.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Handheld Electronic Game - M 2937.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Handheld Electronic Game - M 2938.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Handheld Electronic Game - M 5171.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Handheld Electronic Game - M 5264.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Handheld Electronic Game - M 5409.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Handheld Electronic Game - M 5410.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Handheld Electronic Game - M 9879.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Handheld Electronic Game-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Handheld Electronic Game.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Hartung - Game Master-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Hartung - Game Master.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Interton - VC 4000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Interton - VC 4000.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Interton - Video 2000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Interton - Video 2000.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Konami - Picno-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Konami - Picno.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/LJN - Video Art.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/LeapFrog - LeapPad-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/LeapFrog - LeapPad.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/LeapFrog - Leapster Learning Game System 1 GS.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/LeapFrog - Leapster Learning Game System 1 PQ.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/LeapFrog - Leapster Learning Game System 2 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/LeapFrog - Leapster Learning Game System 2 PQ.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/LeapFrog - Leapster Learning Game System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/LeapFrog - Leapster Learning Game System.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/LeapFrog - My First LeapPad-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/LeapFrog - My First LeapPad.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Libretro - Pad.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Lutro-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Lutro.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/MAME 2000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/MAME 2000.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/MAME 2003-Plus-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/MAME 2003-Plus.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/MAME 2003-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/MAME 2003.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/MAME 2010-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/MAME 2010.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/MAME 2015-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/MAME 2015.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/MAME 2016-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/MAME 2016.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/MAME-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/MAME.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Magnavox - Odyssey 100.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Magnavox - Odyssey 200.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Magnavox - Odyssey 2000.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Magnavox - Odyssey 2001.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Magnavox - Odyssey 2100.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Magnavox - Odyssey 300.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Magnavox - Odyssey 3000.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Magnavox - Odyssey 400.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Magnavox - Odyssey 4000.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Magnavox - Odyssey 500.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Magnavox - Odyssey-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Magnavox - Odyssey.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Magnavox - Odyssey2-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Magnavox - Odyssey2.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Mattel - HyperScan Alt.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Mattel - HyperScan-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Mattel - HyperScan.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Mattel - Intellivision 3504.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Mattel - Intellivision 49-75011.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Mattel - Intellivision 58-100.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Mattel - Intellivision 5872.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Mattel - Intellivision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Mattel - Intellivision.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Microsoft - MSX CPC-50.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Microsoft - MSX-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Microsoft - MSX.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Microsoft - MSX2-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Microsoft - MSX2.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Microsoft - Xbox 360 (Digital)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Microsoft - Xbox 360 (Digital).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Microsoft - Xbox 360 E K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Microsoft - Xbox 360 E KT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Microsoft - Xbox 360 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Microsoft - Xbox 360 KT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Microsoft - Xbox 360 S K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Microsoft - Xbox 360 S KT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Microsoft - Xbox 360 S W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Microsoft - Xbox 360 S WT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Microsoft - Xbox 360 WT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Microsoft - Xbox 360-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Microsoft - Xbox 360.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Microsoft - Xbox G.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Microsoft - Xbox O.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Microsoft - Xbox One S W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Microsoft - Xbox One S WT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Microsoft - Xbox One X K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Microsoft - Xbox One-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Microsoft - Xbox One.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Microsoft - Xbox S.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Microsoft - Xbox Series S K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Microsoft - Xbox Series S W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Microsoft - Xbox Series S WT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Microsoft - Xbox Series X W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Microsoft - Xbox Series X-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Microsoft - Xbox Series X.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Microsoft - Xbox W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Microsoft - Xbox-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Microsoft - Xbox.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Milton Bradley - Microvision Alt.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Milton Bradley - Microvision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Milton Bradley - Microvision.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Minecraft-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Minecraft.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/MrBoom-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/MrBoom.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16 HES-EXP-01 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16 HES-TGX-01 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16 PI-TG2 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16 PI-TG3 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16 PI-TG7 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16 PI-TG9 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16-content (E).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16-content (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD AD-USA.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD CDR-30 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD HES-CDR-01 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD HES-DUO-01 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD PI-CD1 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD PI-TG8 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/NEC - PC Engine SuperGrafx-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/NEC - PC Engine SuperGrafx.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/NEC - PC-98-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/NEC - PC-98.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/NEC - PC-FX-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/NEC - PC-FX.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Neo Geo-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Neo Geo.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nichibutsu - My Vision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nichibutsu - My Vision.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Color TV-Game CTG-15S.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Color TV-Game CTG-15V.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Color TV-Game CTG-6S.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Color TV-Game CTG-6V.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Color TV-Game CTG-BK6.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Color TV-Game CTG-CR112.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Color TV-Game CTG-HC10.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Color TV-Game XG-106.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Color TV-Game XG-115.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Family Computer Disk System AN500B.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Family Computer Disk System AN500R.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Family Computer Disk System AN505BK.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Family Computer Disk System AN505RD.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Family Computer Disk System HVC-101.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Family Computer Disk System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Family Computer Disk System.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Game & Watch AC-01.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Game & Watch BU-201.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Game & Watch BX-301.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Game & Watch CJ-71.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Game & Watch CN-07.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Game & Watch DJ-101.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Game & Watch DK-52.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Game & Watch DM-53.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Game & Watch DR-802.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Game & Watch EG-26.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Game & Watch FL-02.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Game & Watch FP-24.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Game & Watch FR-27.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Game & Watch GH-54.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Game & Watch ID-29.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Game & Watch IP-05 G.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Game & Watch IP-05 P.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Game & Watch JR-55.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Game & Watch LN-08.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Game & Watch MC-25.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Game & Watch MH-06.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Game & Watch MN-06.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Game & Watch MT-03.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Game & Watch MV-64.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Game & Watch MW-56.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Game & Watch OC-22.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Game & Watch OP-51.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Game & Watch PB-59.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Game & Watch PG-74.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Game & Watch PP-23.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Game & Watch PR-21.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Game & Watch RC-04.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Game & Watch SM-91.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Game & Watch SP-30.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Game & Watch TL-28.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Game & Watch YM-801.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance (e-Reader)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance (e-Reader).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGB-001 B.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGB-001 G.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGB-001 GO.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGB-001 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGB-001 O.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGB-001 P.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGB-001 R.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGB-001 S.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGB-001 Y.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGS-001 B.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGS-001 HVC1.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGS-001 HVC2.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGS-001 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGS-001 NES.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGS-001 S.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGS-101 B.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGS-101 GO.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGS-101 R.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance OXY-001 HVC.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance OXY-001 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance OXY-001 S.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Game Boy Color CGB-001 G.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Game Boy Color CGB-001 P.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Game Boy Color CGB-001 Q.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Game Boy Color CGB-001 Y.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Game Boy Color-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Game Boy Color.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Game Boy DMG-001 B.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Game Boy DMG-001 G.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Game Boy DMG-001 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Game Boy DMG-001 P.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Game Boy DMG-001 R.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Game Boy DMG-001 W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Game Boy DMG-001 Y.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Game Boy MGB-001 A.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Game Boy MGB-001 B.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Game Boy MGB-001 DMG.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Game Boy MGB-001 G.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Game Boy MGB-001 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Game Boy MGB-001 P.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Game Boy MGB-001 R.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Game Boy MGB-001 S.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Game Boy MGB-001 Y.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Game Boy MGB-101 G.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Game Boy MGB-101 S.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Game Boy-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Game Boy.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - GameCube DOL-001 G.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - GameCube DOL-001 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - GameCube DOL-001 O.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - GameCube DOL-001 R.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - GameCube DOL-001 S.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - GameCube DOL-001 W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - GameCube SL-GC10.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - GameCube-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - GameCube.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS JAN-001 KA.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS JAN-001 KG.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS JAN-001 WO.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS JAN-001 WP.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS KTR-001 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS KTR-001 W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS RED-001 W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (DLC)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (DLC).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (Digital)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (Digital).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS CTR-001 A.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS CTR-001 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS CTR-001 Q.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS CTR-001 R.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS CTR-001 W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS FTR-001 BK.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS FTR-001 KB.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS FTR-001 KR.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS FTR-001 RK.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS SPR-001 W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Nintendo 64 NUS-001 A.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Nintendo 64 NUS-001 B.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Nintendo 64 NUS-001 G.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Nintendo 64 NUS-001 H.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Nintendo 64 NUS-001 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Nintendo 64 NUS-001 O.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Nintendo 64 NUS-001 P.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Nintendo 64 NUS-001 Q.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Nintendo 64-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Nintendo 64.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Nintendo 64DD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Nintendo 64DD.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Nintendo DS (Download Play)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Nintendo DS (Download Play).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Nintendo DS Decrypted-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Nintendo DS Decrypted.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Nintendo DS NTR-001 B.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Nintendo DS NTR-001 R.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Nintendo DS NTR-001 S.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Nintendo DS USG-001 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Nintendo DS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Nintendo DS.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi (DLC)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi (DLC).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi Decrypted-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi Decrypted.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi TWL-001 A.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi TWL-001 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi TWL-001 P.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi TWL-001 W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi UTL-001 B.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi UTL-001 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi UTL-001 R.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System HVC-001.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System HVC-101.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System NES-101.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System RET-AVS.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System-content (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Pokemon Mini MIN-001 G.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Pokemon Mini MIN-001 Q.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Pokemon Mini-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Pokemon Mini.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Satellaview-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Satellaview.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Sufami Turbo SHVC-101.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Sufami Turbo SNS-001.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Sufami Turbo SNS-101.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Sufami Turbo-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Sufami Turbo.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System SHVC-101.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System SNS-001.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System SNS-101.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System SNSP-001.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System SNt Classic.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System SNt SF.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System-content (1) (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System-content (2) (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System-content (E).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Switch HAC-001 B.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Switch HAC-001 BK.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Switch HAC-001 BR.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Switch HAC-001 KB.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Switch HAC-001 KR.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Switch HAC-001 R.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Switch HAC-001 RB.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Switch HAC-001 RK.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Switch HAC-001 Y.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Switch HAC-001.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Switch HAC-007 BR.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Switch HAC-007 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Switch HAC-007 R.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Switch HAC-007 Y.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Switch HAC-007.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Switch HDH-001 G.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Switch HDH-001 Y.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Switch HDH-001.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Switch JCD.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Switch-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Switch.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Virtual Boy T.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Virtual Boy-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Virtual Boy.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Wii (Digital)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Wii (Digital).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Wii RVL-001 B.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Wii RVL-001 BT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Wii RVL-001 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Wii RVL-001 KT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Wii RVL-001 R.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Wii RVL-001 RT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Wii RVL-001 WT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Wii RVL-201.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Wii U WUP-001 KT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Wii U WUP-001 W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Wii U WUP-001 WT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Wii U-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Wii U.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Wii-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - Wii.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - e-Reader-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nintendo - e-Reader.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nokia - N-Gage QD.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nokia - N-Gage-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nokia - N-Gage.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Nvidia - Shield TV.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Ouya - Ouya.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/PC-50X - Palladium Tele Cassetten Game 825-530.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/PC-50X - Palladium Tele Cassetten Game 825-581.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/PC-50X - SHG Black Point FS-1003.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Philips - CD-i-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Philips - CD-i.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Philips - Tele-Game ES-2203.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Philips - Tele-Game.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Philips - Videopac+-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Philips - Videopac+.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Pioneer - LaserActive.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Pioneer - Laseractive-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/PlayJam - Game Stick.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Quake II-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Quake II.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Quake III-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Quake III.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Quake-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Quake.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/RCA - Studio II-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/RCA - Studio II.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/RPG Maker-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/RPG Maker.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Rick Dangerous-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Rick Dangerous.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/SNK - Neo Geo CD Tray.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/SNK - Neo Geo CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/SNK - Neo Geo CD.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/SNK - Neo Geo CDZ.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/SNK - Neo Geo Mini.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket Color-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket Color.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket S.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/SNK - Neo Geo X-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/SNK - Neo Geo X.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/SNK - Neo Geo-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/SNK - Neo Geo.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/SSD - Xavixport-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/SSD - Xavixport.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sanyo - MBC-550-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sanyo - MBC-550.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/ScummVM-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/ScummVM.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sega - 32X HAA-2502-84000 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sega - 32X HAA-2510-84000 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sega - 32X MK-1601-84000 (E).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sega - 32X MK-1601-84000 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sega - 32X MK-1631-84000 (E).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sega - 32X Neptune (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sega - 32X-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sega - 32X.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sega - Beena-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sega - Beena.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sega - Chihiro-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sega - Chihiro.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sega - Dreamcast B.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sega - Dreamcast H.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sega - Dreamcast K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sega - Dreamcast-content (E).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sega - Dreamcast-content (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sega - Dreamcast-content (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sega - Dreamcast-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sega - Dreamcast.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sega - Game Gear A.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sega - Game Gear B.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sega - Game Gear Q.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sega - Game Gear R.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sega - Game Gear S.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sega - Game Gear W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sega - Game Gear Y.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sega - Game Gear-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sega - Game Gear.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sega - Master System - Mark III MK-3006.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sega - Master System - Mark III SG-1000M3 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sega - Master System - Mark III-content (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sega - Master System - Mark III-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sega - Master System - Mark III.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis HAA-2502 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis HAA-2510 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis HMJ-0300 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis MK-1461 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis MK-1601 (E).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis MK-1631 (E).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis MK-1631 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis MK-6100 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis MSg-EU.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis MSg-JP.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis MSg-USA.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis-content (E).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis-content (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis-content (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD HAA-2502-2912 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD HAA-2510-2910 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD HAA-2510-2912 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD MK-1601-1690 (E).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD MK-1601-1690 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD MK-1601-4102 (E).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD MK-1601-4102 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD MK-1631-4102 (E).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD MK-1631-4102 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD RG-M1 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD RG-M2 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sega - PICO-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sega - PICO.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sega - SG-1000 II.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sega - SG-1000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sega - SG-1000.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sega - Saturn HST-3200 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sega - Saturn MK-80000 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sega - Saturn MK-80000A (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sega - Saturn Pluto (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sega - Saturn-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sega - Saturn.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sega - VMU.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sega - Video Driver-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sega - Video Driver.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sharp - X68000 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sharp - X68000 KT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sharp - X68000 ST.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sharp - X68000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sharp - X68000.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sinclair - ZX 81-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sinclair - ZX 81.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sinclair - ZX Spectrum +3-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sinclair - ZX Spectrum +3.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sinclair - ZX Spectrum-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sinclair - ZX Spectrum.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation (PocketStation) K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation (PocketStation).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation 2 PSX-5000.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation 2 PSX-5100.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation 2 SCPH-10000.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation 2 SCPH-70000 T.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation 2 SCPH-70000.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation 2 SCPH-90000 T.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation 2 SCPH-90000.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation 2-content CD.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation 2-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation 2.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation 3 (DLC)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation 3 (DLC).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation 3 (Downloadable)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation 3 (Downloadable).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation 3 (PSN)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation 3 (PSN).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation 3-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation 4 CUH-1000 KT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation 4 CUH-1000 S.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation 4 CUH-1000 ST.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation 4 CUH-1000 W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation 4 CUH-1000 WT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation 4 CUH-2000 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation 4 CUH-2000 KT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation 4 CUH-2000 W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation 4 CUH-2000 WT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation 4 CUH-7000 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation 4 CUH-7000 KT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation 4-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation 4.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation 5 T.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation 5 WT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation 5-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation 5.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation DTL-H1000.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation DTL-H1200.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation DTL-H3000.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation Portable (DLC)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation Portable (DLC).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation Portable (PSN)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation Portable (PSN).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation Portable (PSX2PSP)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation Portable (PSX2PSP).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation Portable (UMD Music)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation Portable (UMD Music).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation Portable (UMD Video)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation Portable (UMD Video).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation Portable PSP-2000 B.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation Portable PSP-2000 H.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation Portable PSP-2000 R.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation Portable PSP-2000 S.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation Portable PSP-2000 W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation Portable PSP-E1000 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation Portable PSP-E1000 W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation Portable PSP-N1000 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation Portable PSP-N1000 W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation Portable-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation Portable.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation SCPH-100-131 Flat.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation SCPH-100-131.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation SCPH-100.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation Vita PCH-1000 B.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation Vita PCH-1000 R.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation Vita PCH-1000 W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation Vita PCH-2000 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation Vita PCH-2000 W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation Vita VTE-1000 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation Vita VTE-1000 W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation Vita-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation Vita.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sony - PlayStation.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sony - Playstation 3 CECH-2000 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sony - Playstation 3 CECH-2000 KT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sony - Playstation 3 CECH-4000 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sony - Playstation 3 CECH-4000 KT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sony - Playstation 3 CECHA00 KT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Sony - Playstation 3.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Spectravideo - SV 328.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Spectravideo - SVI-318 - SVI-328-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Spectravideo - SVI-318 - SVI-328.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/TIC-80-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/TIC-80.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Taito - Egret II Mini.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Taito - Egret II.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Takara - Video Challenger-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Takara - Video Challenger.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Tandy - Video Information System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Tandy - Video Information System.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Tapwave - Zodiac-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Tapwave - Zodiac.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Texas Instruments - TI-99-4A.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/The 3DO Company - 3DO FZ-10.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/The 3DO Company - 3DO GDO-101.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/The 3DO Company - 3DO GDO-203P.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/The 3DO Company - 3DO IMP-21J.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/The 3DO Company - 3DO-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/The 3DO Company - 3DO.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Thomson - MOTO Cartridge.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Thomson - MOTO TO8.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Thomson - MOTO TO8D.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Thomson - MOTO-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Thomson - MOTO.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Tiger - Game.com Pocket Pro.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Tiger - Game.com-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Tiger - Game.com.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Tiger - Gizmondo-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Tiger - Gizmondo.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Tomb Raider-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Tomb Raider.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Tomy - Tutor-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Tomy - Tutor.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Umtech - VideoBrain-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Umtech - VideoBrain.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Unisonic - Champion 2711-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Unisonic - Champion 2711.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Uzebox-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Uzebox.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/VM Labs - NUON-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/VM Labs - NUON.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/VTech - 3D Gamate-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/VTech - 3D Gamate.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/VTech - CreatiVision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/VTech - CreatiVision.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/VTech - Socrates Alt.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/VTech - Socrates-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/VTech - Socrates.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/VTech - V.Flash-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/VTech - V.Flash.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/VTech - V.Smile P.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/VTech - V.Smile-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/VTech - V.Smile.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Valve - Steam Link.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/View-Master - Interactive Vision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/View-Master - Interactive Vision.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Watara - Supervision Original.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Watara - Supervision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Watara - Supervision.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Welback - Mega Duck-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Welback - Mega Duck.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Worlds of Wonder - Action Max-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Worlds of Wonder - Action Max.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Yamaha - Copera-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Yamaha - Copera.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/ZAPiT - Game Wave-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/ZAPiT - Game Wave.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/Zeebo - Zeebo.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/achievement-list.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/add-favorite.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/add.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/arrow.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/battery-20.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/battery-40.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/battery-60.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/battery-80.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/battery-charging.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/battery-full.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/bluetooth.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/clock.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/close.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/core-cheat-options.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/core-disk-options.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/core-infos.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/core-input-remapping-options.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/core-options.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/core-shader-options.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/core.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/cursor.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/database.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/default-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/default.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/dialog-slice.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/favorites-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/favorites.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/file.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/folder.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/history.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/iQue - iQue-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/iQue - iQue.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/image.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/images.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/input_ADC.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/input_BIND_ALL.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/input_BTN-D.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/input_BTN-L.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/input_BTN-R.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/input_BTN-U.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/input_DPAD-D.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/input_DPAD-L.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/input_DPAD-R.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/input_DPAD-U.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/input_LB.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/input_LGUN.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/input_LT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/input_MOUSE.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/input_RB.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/input_RT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/input_SELECT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/input_START.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/input_STCK-D.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/input_STCK-L.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/input_STCK-P.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/input_STCK-R.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/input_STCK-U.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/input_TURBO.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/key-hover.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/key.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/lakka.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/loadstate.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/menu_achievements.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/menu_add.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/menu_apply_cog.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/menu_apply_toggle.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/menu_audio.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/menu_brightness.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/menu_check.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/menu_drivers.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/menu_exit.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/menu_frameskip.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/menu_help.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/menu_hourglass.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/menu_info.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/menu_latency.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/menu_log.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/menu_mixer.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/menu_network.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/menu_notifications.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/menu_osd.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/menu_overlay.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/menu_override.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/menu_pause.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/menu_playlist.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/menu_power.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/menu_privacy.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/menu_quickmenu.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/menu_record.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/menu_rewind.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/menu_room.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/menu_room_lan.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/menu_room_relay.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/menu_saving.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/menu_shutdown.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/menu_stream.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/menu_ui.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/menu_updater.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/menu_user.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/menu_video.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/menu_volume_max.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/menu_volume_med.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/menu_volume_min.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/menu_volume_mute.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/movie.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/movies.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/music.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/musics.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/netplay.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/off.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/on.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/pointer.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/reload.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/rename.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/resume.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/retroarch.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/run.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/savestate.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/screenshot.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/setting.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/settings.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/subsetting.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/undo.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/wifi.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/1024/zip.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/1292 Advanced Programmable Video System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/1292 Advanced Programmable Video System.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/2048-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/2048.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/ACT - Apricot PC Xi-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/ACT - Apricot PC Xi.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/APF - Imagination Machine-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/APF - Imagination Machine.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/APF - MP-1000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/APF - MP-1000.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Acorn - Archimedes-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Acorn - Archimedes.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Acorn - Atom (Tapes)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Acorn - Atom (Tapes).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Acorn - Atom-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Acorn - Atom.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Acorn - BBC Micro-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Acorn - BBC Micro.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Acorn - Risc PC-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Acorn - Risc PC.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Acorn RISC OS - Flash Media-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Acorn RISC OS - Flash Media.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Amazon - Fire TV (2nd Gen).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Amazon - Fire TV (3rd Gen).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Amazon - Fire TV Cube.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Amazon - Fire TV-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Amazon - Fire TV.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Amazon - Luna-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Amazon - Luna.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Amstrad - CPC-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Amstrad - CPC.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Amstrad - GX4000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Amstrad - GX4000.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Analogue - Analogue Pocket W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Analogue - Analogue Pocket-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Analogue - Analogue Pocket.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Apple - I (Tapes)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Apple - I (Tapes).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Apple - I-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Apple - I.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Apple - II Plus-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Apple - II Plus.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Apple - II-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Apple - II.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Apple - IIGS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Apple - IIGS.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Apple - IIe-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Apple - IIe.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Apple - Macintosh (BETA)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Apple - Macintosh (BETA).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Apple - Macintosh-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Apple - Macintosh.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Apple-Bandai - Pippin K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Apple-Bandai - Pippin-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Apple-Bandai - Pippin.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Atari - 2600 637.75000.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Atari - 2600 CX2600A K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Atari - 2600 CX2600A.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Atari - 2600 CX2600JR.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Atari - 2600 CX2600JRA.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Atari - 2600 CX2600JRB.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Atari - 2600 CX2700.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Atari - 2600 Flashback 2.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Atari - 2600 Flashback.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Atari - 2600-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Atari - 2600.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Atari - 5200-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Atari - 5200.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Atari - 7800-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Atari - 7800.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Atari - 8-bit-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Atari - 8-bit.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Atari - Jaguar CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Atari - Jaguar CD.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Atari - Jaguar-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Atari - Jaguar.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Atari - Lynx PAG-0401.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Atari - Lynx-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Atari - Lynx.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Atari - Pong 25796.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Atari - Pong C-140.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Atari - Pong C-200.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Atari - Pong-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Atari - Pong.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Atari - ST (Tapes)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Atari - ST (Tapes).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Atari - ST-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Atari - ST.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Atari - VCS K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Atari - VCS O.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Atari - VCS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Atari - VCS.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Atari - XEGS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Atari - XEGS.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Atomiswave (alt)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Atomiswave (alt).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/BBC - Bridge Companion-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/BBC - Bridge Companion.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Bally - Astrocade-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Bally - Astrocade.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Bandai - Playdia-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Bandai - Playdia.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Bandai - Super Vision 8000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Bandai - Super Vision 8000.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Bandai - Terebikko-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Bandai - Terebikko.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Bandai - WonderSwan Color SCT-001 R.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Bandai - WonderSwan Color WSC-001 B.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Bandai - WonderSwan Color WSC-001 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Bandai - WonderSwan Color WSC-001 O.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Bandai - WonderSwan Color WSC-001 S.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Bandai - WonderSwan Color-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Bandai - WonderSwan Color.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Bandai - WonderSwan-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Bandai - WonderSwan.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Benesse - Pocket Challenge V2-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Benesse - Pocket Challenge V2.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Benesse - Pocket Challenge W-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Benesse - Pocket Challenge W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Bit Corporation - Gamate-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Bit Corporation - Gamate.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/CHIP-8-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/CHIP-8.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Cannonball-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Cannonball.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Capcom - CP System Changer.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Capcom - CP System I-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Capcom - CP System I.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Capcom - CP System II (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Capcom - CP System II-content (As).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Capcom - CP System II-content (B).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Capcom - CP System II-content (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Capcom - CP System II-content (Rental).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Capcom - CP System II-content (W).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Capcom - CP System II-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Capcom - CP System II.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Capcom - CP System III CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Capcom - CP System III-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Capcom - CP System III-content_combo.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Capcom - CP System III-content_mobo.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Capcom - CP System III.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Casio - Loopy-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Casio - Loopy.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Casio - PV-1000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Casio - PV-1000.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Cave Story-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Cave Story.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/ChaiLove-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/ChaiLove.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Coleco - ColecoVision ADAM-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Coleco - ColecoVision ADAM.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Coleco - ColecoVision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Coleco - ColecoVision.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Coleco - Telstar 6030.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Coleco - Telstar 6040.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Coleco - Telstar 6045.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Coleco - Telstar 6065.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Coleco - Telstar 6071.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Coleco - Telstar 6135.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Commodore - 64 (PP)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Commodore - 64 (PP).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Commodore - 64 (Tapes)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Commodore - 64 (Tapes).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Commodore - 64 64C.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Commodore - 64 Games System.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Commodore - 64-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Commodore - 64.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Commodore - Amiga-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Commodore - Amiga.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Commodore - CD32-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Commodore - CD32.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Commodore - CDTV-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Commodore - CDTV.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Commodore - Plus-4-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Commodore - Plus-4.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Commodore - VIC-20-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Commodore - VIC-20.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Connor - VideoSmarts-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Connor - VideoSmarts.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/DOOM-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/DOOM.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/DOS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/DOS.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Dinothawr-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Dinothawr.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Dungeon Crawl Stone Soup-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Dungeon Crawl Stone Soup.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Emerson - Arcadia 2001-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Emerson - Arcadia 2001.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Entex - Adventure Vision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Entex - Adventure Vision.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Entex - Select-A-Game-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Entex - Select-A-Game.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Epoch - Cassette Vision Jr.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Epoch - Cassette Vision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Epoch - Cassette Vision.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Epoch - Game Pocket Computer-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Epoch - Game Pocket Computer.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Epoch - Super Cassette Vision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Epoch - Super Cassette Vision.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Epoch - TV Tennis Electrotennis-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Epoch - TV Tennis Electrotennis.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/FBNeo - Arcade Games-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/FBNeo - Arcade Games.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/FFmpeg-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/FFmpeg.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Fairchild - Channel F System II.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Fairchild - Channel F-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Fairchild - Channel F.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Flashback-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Flashback.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Fujitsu - FM Towns Marty 2.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Fujitsu - FM Towns Marty-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Fujitsu - FM Towns Marty.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Fujitsu - FM Towns.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Fujitsu - FM-7.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Fujitsu - FMR50.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Fukutake Publishing - StudyBox HVC-101.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Fukutake Publishing - StudyBox-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Fukutake Publishing - StudyBox.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Funtech - Super Acan-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Funtech - Super Acan.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/GCE - Vectrex-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/GCE - Vectrex.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Gakken - Compact Vision TV Boy-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Gakken - Compact Vision TV Boy.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Game-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Game.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/GamePark - Caanoo.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/GamePark - GP2X F200.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/GamePark - GP2X Wiz.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/GamePark - GP2X.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/GamePark - GP32-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/GamePark - GP32.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Google - Nexus Player-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Google - Nexus Player.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Google - Stadia G.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Google - Stadia W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Google - Stadia-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Google - Stadia.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Handheld Electronic Game - Acclaim.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Handheld Electronic Game - M 2024.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Handheld Electronic Game - M 2937.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Handheld Electronic Game - M 2938.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Handheld Electronic Game - M 5171.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Handheld Electronic Game - M 5264.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Handheld Electronic Game - M 5409.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Handheld Electronic Game - M 5410.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Handheld Electronic Game - M 9879.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Handheld Electronic Game-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Handheld Electronic Game.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Hartung - Game Master-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Hartung - Game Master.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Interton - VC 4000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Interton - VC 4000.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Interton - Video 2000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Interton - Video 2000.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Konami - Picno-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Konami - Picno.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/LJN - Video Art.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/LeapFrog - LeapPad-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/LeapFrog - LeapPad.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/LeapFrog - Leapster Learning Game System 1 GS.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/LeapFrog - Leapster Learning Game System 1 PQ.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/LeapFrog - Leapster Learning Game System 2 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/LeapFrog - Leapster Learning Game System 2 PQ.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/LeapFrog - Leapster Learning Game System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/LeapFrog - Leapster Learning Game System.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/LeapFrog - My First LeapPad-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/LeapFrog - My First LeapPad.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Libretro - Pad.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Lutro-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Lutro.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/MAME 2000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/MAME 2000.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/MAME 2003-Plus-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/MAME 2003-Plus.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/MAME 2003-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/MAME 2003.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/MAME 2010-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/MAME 2010.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/MAME 2015-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/MAME 2015.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/MAME 2016-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/MAME 2016.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/MAME-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/MAME.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Magnavox - Odyssey 100.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Magnavox - Odyssey 200.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Magnavox - Odyssey 2000.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Magnavox - Odyssey 2001.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Magnavox - Odyssey 2100.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Magnavox - Odyssey 300.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Magnavox - Odyssey 3000.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Magnavox - Odyssey 400.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Magnavox - Odyssey 4000.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Magnavox - Odyssey 500.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Magnavox - Odyssey-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Magnavox - Odyssey.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Magnavox - Odyssey2-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Magnavox - Odyssey2.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Mattel - HyperScan Alt.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Mattel - HyperScan-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Mattel - HyperScan.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Mattel - Intellivision 3504.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Mattel - Intellivision 49-75011.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Mattel - Intellivision 58-100.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Mattel - Intellivision 5872.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Mattel - Intellivision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Mattel - Intellivision.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Microsoft - MSX CPC-50.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Microsoft - MSX-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Microsoft - MSX.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Microsoft - MSX2-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Microsoft - MSX2.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Microsoft - Xbox 360 (Digital)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Microsoft - Xbox 360 (Digital).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Microsoft - Xbox 360 E K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Microsoft - Xbox 360 E KT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Microsoft - Xbox 360 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Microsoft - Xbox 360 KT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Microsoft - Xbox 360 S K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Microsoft - Xbox 360 S KT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Microsoft - Xbox 360 S W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Microsoft - Xbox 360 S WT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Microsoft - Xbox 360 WT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Microsoft - Xbox 360-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Microsoft - Xbox 360.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Microsoft - Xbox G.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Microsoft - Xbox O.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Microsoft - Xbox One S W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Microsoft - Xbox One S WT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Microsoft - Xbox One X K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Microsoft - Xbox One-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Microsoft - Xbox One.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Microsoft - Xbox S.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Microsoft - Xbox Series S K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Microsoft - Xbox Series S W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Microsoft - Xbox Series S WT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Microsoft - Xbox Series X W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Microsoft - Xbox Series X-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Microsoft - Xbox Series X.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Microsoft - Xbox W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Microsoft - Xbox-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Microsoft - Xbox.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Milton Bradley - Microvision Alt.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Milton Bradley - Microvision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Milton Bradley - Microvision.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Minecraft-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Minecraft.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/MrBoom-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/MrBoom.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16 HES-EXP-01 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16 HES-TGX-01 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16 PI-TG2 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16 PI-TG3 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16 PI-TG7 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16 PI-TG9 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16-content (E).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16-content (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD AD-USA.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD CDR-30 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD HES-CDR-01 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD HES-DUO-01 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD PI-CD1 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD PI-TG8 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/NEC - PC Engine SuperGrafx-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/NEC - PC Engine SuperGrafx.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/NEC - PC-98-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/NEC - PC-98.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/NEC - PC-FX-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/NEC - PC-FX.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Neo Geo-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Neo Geo.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nichibutsu - My Vision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nichibutsu - My Vision.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Color TV-Game CTG-15S.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Color TV-Game CTG-15V.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Color TV-Game CTG-6S.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Color TV-Game CTG-6V.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Color TV-Game CTG-BK6.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Color TV-Game CTG-CR112.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Color TV-Game CTG-HC10.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Color TV-Game XG-106.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Color TV-Game XG-115.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Family Computer Disk System AN500B.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Family Computer Disk System AN500R.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Family Computer Disk System AN505BK.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Family Computer Disk System AN505RD.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Family Computer Disk System HVC-101.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Family Computer Disk System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Family Computer Disk System.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Game & Watch AC-01.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Game & Watch BU-201.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Game & Watch BX-301.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Game & Watch CJ-71.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Game & Watch CN-07.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Game & Watch DJ-101.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Game & Watch DK-52.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Game & Watch DM-53.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Game & Watch DR-802.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Game & Watch EG-26.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Game & Watch FL-02.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Game & Watch FP-24.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Game & Watch FR-27.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Game & Watch GH-54.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Game & Watch ID-29.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Game & Watch IP-05 G.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Game & Watch IP-05 P.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Game & Watch JR-55.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Game & Watch LN-08.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Game & Watch MC-25.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Game & Watch MH-06.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Game & Watch MN-06.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Game & Watch MT-03.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Game & Watch MV-64.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Game & Watch MW-56.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Game & Watch OC-22.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Game & Watch OP-51.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Game & Watch PB-59.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Game & Watch PG-74.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Game & Watch PP-23.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Game & Watch PR-21.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Game & Watch RC-04.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Game & Watch SM-91.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Game & Watch SP-30.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Game & Watch TL-28.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Game & Watch YM-801.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance (e-Reader)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance (e-Reader).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGB-001 B.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGB-001 G.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGB-001 GO.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGB-001 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGB-001 O.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGB-001 P.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGB-001 R.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGB-001 S.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGB-001 Y.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGS-001 B.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGS-001 HVC1.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGS-001 HVC2.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGS-001 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGS-001 NES.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGS-001 S.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGS-101 B.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGS-101 GO.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGS-101 R.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance OXY-001 HVC.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance OXY-001 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance OXY-001 S.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Game Boy Color CGB-001 G.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Game Boy Color CGB-001 P.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Game Boy Color CGB-001 Q.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Game Boy Color CGB-001 Y.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Game Boy Color-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Game Boy Color.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Game Boy DMG-001 B.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Game Boy DMG-001 G.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Game Boy DMG-001 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Game Boy DMG-001 P.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Game Boy DMG-001 R.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Game Boy DMG-001 W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Game Boy DMG-001 Y.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Game Boy MGB-001 A.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Game Boy MGB-001 B.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Game Boy MGB-001 DMG.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Game Boy MGB-001 G.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Game Boy MGB-001 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Game Boy MGB-001 P.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Game Boy MGB-001 R.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Game Boy MGB-001 S.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Game Boy MGB-001 Y.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Game Boy MGB-101 G.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Game Boy MGB-101 S.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Game Boy-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Game Boy.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - GameCube DOL-001 G.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - GameCube DOL-001 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - GameCube DOL-001 O.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - GameCube DOL-001 R.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - GameCube DOL-001 S.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - GameCube DOL-001 W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - GameCube SL-GC10.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - GameCube-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - GameCube.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS JAN-001 KA.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS JAN-001 KG.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS JAN-001 WO.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS JAN-001 WP.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS KTR-001 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS KTR-001 W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS RED-001 W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (DLC)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (DLC).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (Digital)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (Digital).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS CTR-001 A.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS CTR-001 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS CTR-001 Q.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS CTR-001 R.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS CTR-001 W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS FTR-001 BK.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS FTR-001 KB.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS FTR-001 KR.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS FTR-001 RK.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS SPR-001 W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Nintendo 64 NUS-001 A.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Nintendo 64 NUS-001 B.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Nintendo 64 NUS-001 G.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Nintendo 64 NUS-001 H.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Nintendo 64 NUS-001 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Nintendo 64 NUS-001 O.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Nintendo 64 NUS-001 P.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Nintendo 64 NUS-001 Q.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Nintendo 64-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Nintendo 64.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Nintendo 64DD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Nintendo 64DD.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Nintendo DS (Download Play)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Nintendo DS (Download Play).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Nintendo DS Decrypted-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Nintendo DS Decrypted.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Nintendo DS NTR-001 B.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Nintendo DS NTR-001 R.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Nintendo DS NTR-001 S.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Nintendo DS USG-001 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Nintendo DS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Nintendo DS.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi (DLC)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi (DLC).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi Decrypted-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi Decrypted.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi TWL-001 A.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi TWL-001 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi TWL-001 P.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi TWL-001 W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi UTL-001 B.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi UTL-001 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi UTL-001 R.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System HVC-001.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System HVC-101.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System NES-101.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System RET-AVS.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System-content (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Pokemon Mini MIN-001 G.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Pokemon Mini MIN-001 Q.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Pokemon Mini-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Pokemon Mini.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Satellaview-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Satellaview.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Sufami Turbo SHVC-101.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Sufami Turbo SNS-001.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Sufami Turbo SNS-101.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Sufami Turbo-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Sufami Turbo.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System SHVC-101.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System SNS-001.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System SNS-101.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System SNSP-001.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System SNt Classic.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System SNt SF.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System-content (1) (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System-content (2) (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System-content (E).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Switch HAC-001 B.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Switch HAC-001 BK.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Switch HAC-001 BR.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Switch HAC-001 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Switch HAC-001 KB.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Switch HAC-001 KR.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Switch HAC-001 R.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Switch HAC-001 RB.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Switch HAC-001 RK.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Switch HAC-001 Y.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Switch HAC-001.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Switch HAC-007 BR.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Switch HAC-007 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Switch HAC-007 KT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Switch HAC-007 R.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Switch HAC-007 Y.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Switch HAC-007.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Switch HDH-001 G.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Switch HDH-001 Y.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Switch HDH-001.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Switch-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Switch.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Virtual Boy T.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Virtual Boy-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Virtual Boy.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Wii (Digital)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Wii (Digital).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Wii RVL-001 B.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Wii RVL-001 BT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Wii RVL-001 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Wii RVL-001 KT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Wii RVL-001 R.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Wii RVL-001 RT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Wii RVL-001 WT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Wii RVL-201.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Wii U WUP-001 KT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Wii U WUP-001 W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Wii U WUP-001 WT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Wii U-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Wii U.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Wii-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - Wii.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - e-Reader-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nintendo - e-Reader.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nokia - N-Gage QD.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nokia - N-Gage-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nokia - N-Gage.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Nvidia - Shield TV.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Ouya - Ouya.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/PC-50X - Palladium Tele Cassetten Game 825-530.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/PC-50X - Palladium Tele Cassetten Game 825-581.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/PC-50X - SHG Black Point FS-1003.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Philips - CD-i-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Philips - CD-i.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Philips - Tele-Game ES-2203.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Philips - Tele-Game.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Philips - Videopac+-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Philips - Videopac+.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Pioneer - LaserActive.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Pioneer - Laseractive-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/PlayJam - Game Stick.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Quake II-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Quake II.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Quake III-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Quake III.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Quake-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Quake.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/RCA - Studio II-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/RCA - Studio II.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/RPG Maker-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/RPG Maker.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Rick Dangerous-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Rick Dangerous.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/SNK - Neo Geo CD Tray.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/SNK - Neo Geo CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/SNK - Neo Geo CD.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/SNK - Neo Geo CDZ.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/SNK - Neo Geo Mini.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket Color-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket Color.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket S.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/SNK - Neo Geo X-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/SNK - Neo Geo X.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/SNK - Neo Geo-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/SNK - Neo Geo.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/SSD - Xavixport-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/SSD - Xavixport.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sanyo - MBC-550-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sanyo - MBC-550.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/ScummVM-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/ScummVM.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sega - 32X HAA-2502-84000 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sega - 32X HAA-2510-84000 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sega - 32X MK-1601-84000 (E).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sega - 32X MK-1601-84000 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sega - 32X MK-1631-84000 (E).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sega - 32X Neptune (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sega - 32X-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sega - 32X.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sega - Beena-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sega - Beena.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sega - Chihiro-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sega - Chihiro.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sega - Dreamcast B.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sega - Dreamcast H.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sega - Dreamcast K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sega - Dreamcast-content (E).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sega - Dreamcast-content (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sega - Dreamcast-content (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sega - Dreamcast-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sega - Dreamcast.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sega - Game Gear A.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sega - Game Gear B.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sega - Game Gear Q.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sega - Game Gear R.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sega - Game Gear S.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sega - Game Gear W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sega - Game Gear Y.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sega - Game Gear-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sega - Game Gear.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sega - Master System - Mark III MK-3006.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sega - Master System - Mark III SG-1000M3 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sega - Master System - Mark III-content (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sega - Master System - Mark III-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sega - Master System - Mark III.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis HAA-2502 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis HAA-2510 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis HMJ-0300 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis MK-1461 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis MK-1601 (E).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis MK-1631 (E).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis MK-1631 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis MK-6100 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis MSg-EU.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis MSg-JP.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis MSg-USA.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis-content (E).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis-content (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis-content (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD HAA-2502-2912 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD HAA-2510-2910 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD HAA-2510-2912 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD MK-1601-1690 (E).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD MK-1601-1690 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD MK-1601-4102 (E).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD MK-1601-4102 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD MK-1631-4102 (E).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD MK-1631-4102 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD RG-M1 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD RG-M2 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sega - PICO-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sega - PICO.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sega - SG-1000 II.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sega - SG-1000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sega - SG-1000.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sega - Saturn HST-3200 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sega - Saturn MK-80000 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sega - Saturn MK-80000A (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sega - Saturn Pluto (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sega - Saturn-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sega - Saturn.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sega - VMU.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sega - Video Driver-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sega - Video Driver.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sharp - X68000 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sharp - X68000 KT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sharp - X68000 ST.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sharp - X68000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sharp - X68000.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sinclair - ZX 81-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sinclair - ZX 81.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sinclair - ZX Spectrum +3-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sinclair - ZX Spectrum +3.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sinclair - ZX Spectrum-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sinclair - ZX Spectrum.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation (PocketStation) K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation (PocketStation).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation 2 PSX-5000.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation 2 PSX-5100.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation 2 SCPH-10000.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation 2 SCPH-70000 T.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation 2 SCPH-70000.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation 2 SCPH-90000 T.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation 2 SCPH-90000.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation 2-content CD.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation 2-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation 2.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation 3 (DLC)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation 3 (DLC).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation 3 (Downloadable)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation 3 (Downloadable).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation 3 (PSN)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation 3 (PSN).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation 3-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation 4 CUH-1000 KT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation 4 CUH-1000 S.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation 4 CUH-1000 ST.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation 4 CUH-1000 W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation 4 CUH-1000 WT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation 4 CUH-2000 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation 4 CUH-2000 KT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation 4 CUH-2000 W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation 4 CUH-2000 WT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation 4 CUH-7000 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation 4 CUH-7000 KT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation 4-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation 4.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation 5 T.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation 5 WT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation 5-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation 5.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation DTL-H1000.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation DTL-H1200.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation DTL-H3000.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation Portable (DLC)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation Portable (DLC).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation Portable (PSN)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation Portable (PSN).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation Portable (PSX2PSP)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation Portable (PSX2PSP).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation Portable (UMD Music)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation Portable (UMD Music).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation Portable (UMD Video)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation Portable (UMD Video).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation Portable PSP-2000 B.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation Portable PSP-2000 H.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation Portable PSP-2000 R.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation Portable PSP-2000 S.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation Portable PSP-2000 W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation Portable PSP-E1000 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation Portable PSP-E1000 W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation Portable PSP-N1000 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation Portable PSP-N1000 W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation Portable-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation Portable.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation SCPH-100-131 Flat.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation SCPH-100-131.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation SCPH-100.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation Vita PCH-1000 B.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation Vita PCH-1000 R.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation Vita PCH-1000 W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation Vita PCH-2000 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation Vita PCH-2000 W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation Vita VTE-1000 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation Vita VTE-1000 W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation Vita-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation Vita.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sony - PlayStation.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sony - Playstation 3 CECH-2000 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sony - Playstation 3 CECH-2000 KT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sony - Playstation 3 CECH-4000 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sony - Playstation 3 CECH-4000 KT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sony - Playstation 3 CECHA00 KT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Sony - Playstation 3.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Spectravideo - SV 328.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Spectravideo - SVI-318 - SVI-328-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Spectravideo - SVI-318 - SVI-328.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/TIC-80-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/TIC-80.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Taito - Egret II Mini.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Taito - Egret II.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Takara - Video Challenger-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Takara - Video Challenger.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Tandy - Video Information System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Tandy - Video Information System.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Tapwave - Zodiac-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Tapwave - Zodiac.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Texas Instruments - TI-99-4A.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/The 3DO Company - 3DO FZ-10.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/The 3DO Company - 3DO GDO-101.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/The 3DO Company - 3DO GDO-203P.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/The 3DO Company - 3DO IMP-21J.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/The 3DO Company - 3DO-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/The 3DO Company - 3DO.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Thomson - MOTO Cartridge.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Thomson - MOTO TO8.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Thomson - MOTO TO8D.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Thomson - MOTO-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Thomson - MOTO.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Tiger - Game.com Pocket Pro.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Tiger - Game.com-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Tiger - Game.com.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Tiger - Gizmondo-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Tiger - Gizmondo.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Tomb Raider-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Tomb Raider.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Tomy - Tutor-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Tomy - Tutor.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Umtech - VideoBrain-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Umtech - VideoBrain.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Unisonic - Champion 2711-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Unisonic - Champion 2711.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Uzebox-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Uzebox.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/VM Labs - NUON-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/VM Labs - NUON.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/VTech - 3D Gamate-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/VTech - 3D Gamate.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/VTech - CreatiVision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/VTech - CreatiVision.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/VTech - Socrates Alt.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/VTech - Socrates-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/VTech - Socrates.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/VTech - V.Flash-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/VTech - V.Flash.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/VTech - V.Smile P.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/VTech - V.Smile-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/VTech - V.Smile.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Valve - Steam Link.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/View-Master - Interactive Vision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/View-Master - Interactive Vision.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Watara - Supervision Original.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Watara - Supervision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Watara - Supervision.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Welback - Mega Duck-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Welback - Mega Duck.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Worlds of Wonder - Action Max-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Worlds of Wonder - Action Max.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Yamaha - Copera-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Yamaha - Copera.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/ZAPiT - Game Wave-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/ZAPiT - Game Wave.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/Zeebo - Zeebo.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/achievement-list.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/add-favorite.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/add.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/arrow.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/battery-20.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/battery-40.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/battery-60.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/battery-80.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/battery-charging.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/battery-full.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/bluetooth.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/clock.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/close.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/core-cheat-options.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/core-disk-options.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/core-infos.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/core-input-remapping-options.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/core-options.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/core-shader-options.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/core.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/cursor.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/database.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/default-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/default.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/dialog-slice.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/favorites-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/favorites.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/file.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/folder.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/history.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/iQue - iQue-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/iQue - iQue.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/image.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/images.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/input_ADC.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/input_BIND_ALL.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/input_BTN-D.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/input_BTN-L.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/input_BTN-R.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/input_BTN-U.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/input_DPAD-D.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/input_DPAD-L.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/input_DPAD-R.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/input_DPAD-U.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/input_LB.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/input_LGUN.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/input_LT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/input_MOUSE.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/input_RB.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/input_RT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/input_SELECT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/input_START.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/input_STCK-D.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/input_STCK-L.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/input_STCK-P.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/input_STCK-R.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/input_STCK-U.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/input_TURBO.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/key-hover.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/key.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/lakka.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/loadstate.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/menu_achievements.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/menu_add.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/menu_apply_cog.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/menu_apply_toggle.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/menu_audio.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/menu_brightness.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/menu_check.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/menu_drivers.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/menu_exit.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/menu_frameskip.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/menu_help.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/menu_hourglass.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/menu_info.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/menu_latency.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/menu_log.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/menu_mixer.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/menu_network.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/menu_notifications.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/menu_osd.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/menu_overlay.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/menu_override.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/menu_pause.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/menu_playlist.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/menu_power.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/menu_privacy.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/menu_quickmenu.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/menu_record.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/menu_rewind.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/menu_room.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/menu_room_lan.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/menu_room_relay.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/menu_saving.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/menu_shutdown.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/menu_stream.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/menu_ui.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/menu_updater.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/menu_user.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/menu_video.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/menu_volume_max.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/menu_volume_med.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/menu_volume_min.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/menu_volume_mute.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/movie.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/movies.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/music.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/musics.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/netplay.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/off.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/on.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/pointer.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/reload.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/rename.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/resume.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/retroarch.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/run.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/savestate.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/screenshot.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/setting.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/settings.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/subsetting.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/undo.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/wifi.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/128/zip.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/1292 Advanced Programmable Video System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/1292 Advanced Programmable Video System.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/2048-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/2048.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/ACT - Apricot PC Xi-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/ACT - Apricot PC Xi.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/APF - Imagination Machine-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/APF - Imagination Machine.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/APF - MP-1000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/APF - MP-1000.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Acorn - Archimedes-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Acorn - Archimedes.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Acorn - Atom (Tapes)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Acorn - Atom (Tapes).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Acorn - Atom-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Acorn - Atom.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Acorn - BBC Micro-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Acorn - BBC Micro.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Acorn - Risc PC-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Acorn - Risc PC.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Acorn RISC OS - Flash Media-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Acorn RISC OS - Flash Media.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Amazon - Fire TV (2nd Gen).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Amazon - Fire TV (3rd Gen).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Amazon - Fire TV Cube.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Amazon - Fire TV-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Amazon - Fire TV.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Amazon - Luna-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Amazon - Luna.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Amstrad - CPC-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Amstrad - CPC.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Amstrad - GX4000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Amstrad - GX4000.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Analogue - Analogue Pocket W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Analogue - Analogue Pocket-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Analogue - Analogue Pocket.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Apple - I (Tapes)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Apple - I (Tapes).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Apple - I-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Apple - I.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Apple - II Plus-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Apple - II Plus.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Apple - II-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Apple - II.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Apple - IIGS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Apple - IIGS.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Apple - IIe-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Apple - IIe.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Apple - Macintosh (BETA)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Apple - Macintosh (BETA).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Apple - Macintosh-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Apple - Macintosh.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Apple-Bandai - Pippin K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Apple-Bandai - Pippin-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Apple-Bandai - Pippin.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Atari - 2600 637.75000.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Atari - 2600 CX2600A K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Atari - 2600 CX2600A.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Atari - 2600 CX2600JR.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Atari - 2600 CX2600JRA.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Atari - 2600 CX2600JRB.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Atari - 2600 CX2700.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Atari - 2600 Flashback 2.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Atari - 2600 Flashback.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Atari - 2600-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Atari - 2600.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Atari - 5200-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Atari - 5200.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Atari - 7800-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Atari - 7800.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Atari - 8-bit-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Atari - 8-bit.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Atari - Jaguar CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Atari - Jaguar CD.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Atari - Jaguar-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Atari - Jaguar.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Atari - Lynx PAG-0401.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Atari - Lynx-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Atari - Lynx.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Atari - Pong 25796.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Atari - Pong C-140.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Atari - Pong C-200.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Atari - Pong-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Atari - Pong.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Atari - ST (Tapes)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Atari - ST (Tapes).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Atari - ST-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Atari - ST.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Atari - VCS K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Atari - VCS O.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Atari - VCS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Atari - VCS.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Atari - XEGS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Atari - XEGS.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Atomiswave (alt)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Atomiswave (alt).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/BBC - Bridge Companion-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/BBC - Bridge Companion.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Bally - Astrocade-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Bally - Astrocade.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Bandai - Playdia-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Bandai - Playdia.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Bandai - Super Vision 8000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Bandai - Super Vision 8000.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Bandai - Terebikko-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Bandai - Terebikko.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Bandai - WonderSwan Color SCT-001 R.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Bandai - WonderSwan Color WSC-001 B.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Bandai - WonderSwan Color WSC-001 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Bandai - WonderSwan Color WSC-001 O.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Bandai - WonderSwan Color WSC-001 S.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Bandai - WonderSwan Color-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Bandai - WonderSwan Color.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Bandai - WonderSwan-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Bandai - WonderSwan.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Benesse - Pocket Challenge V2-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Benesse - Pocket Challenge V2.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Benesse - Pocket Challenge W-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Benesse - Pocket Challenge W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Bit Corporation - Gamate-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Bit Corporation - Gamate.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/CHIP-8-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/CHIP-8.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Cannonball-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Cannonball.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Capcom - CP System Changer.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Capcom - CP System I-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Capcom - CP System I.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Capcom - CP System II (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Capcom - CP System II-content (As).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Capcom - CP System II-content (B).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Capcom - CP System II-content (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Capcom - CP System II-content (Rental).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Capcom - CP System II-content (W).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Capcom - CP System II-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Capcom - CP System II.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Capcom - CP System III CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Capcom - CP System III-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Capcom - CP System III-content_combo.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Capcom - CP System III-content_mobo.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Capcom - CP System III.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Casio - Loopy-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Casio - Loopy.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Casio - PV-1000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Casio - PV-1000.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Cave Story-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Cave Story.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/ChaiLove-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/ChaiLove.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Coleco - ColecoVision ADAM-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Coleco - ColecoVision ADAM.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Coleco - ColecoVision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Coleco - ColecoVision.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Coleco - Telstar 6030.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Coleco - Telstar 6040.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Coleco - Telstar 6045.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Coleco - Telstar 6065.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Coleco - Telstar 6071.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Coleco - Telstar 6135.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Commodore - 64 (PP)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Commodore - 64 (PP).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Commodore - 64 (Tapes)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Commodore - 64 (Tapes).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Commodore - 64 64C.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Commodore - 64 Games System.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Commodore - 64-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Commodore - 64.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Commodore - Amiga-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Commodore - Amiga.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Commodore - CD32-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Commodore - CD32.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Commodore - CDTV-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Commodore - CDTV.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Commodore - Plus-4-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Commodore - Plus-4.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Commodore - VIC-20-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Commodore - VIC-20.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Connor - VideoSmarts-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Connor - VideoSmarts.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/DOOM-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/DOOM.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/DOS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/DOS.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Dinothawr-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Dinothawr.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Dungeon Crawl Stone Soup-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Dungeon Crawl Stone Soup.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Emerson - Arcadia 2001-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Emerson - Arcadia 2001.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Entex - Adventure Vision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Entex - Adventure Vision.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Entex - Select-A-Game-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Entex - Select-A-Game.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Epoch - Cassette Vision Jr.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Epoch - Cassette Vision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Epoch - Cassette Vision.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Epoch - Game Pocket Computer-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Epoch - Game Pocket Computer.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Epoch - Super Cassette Vision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Epoch - Super Cassette Vision.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Epoch - TV Tennis Electrotennis-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Epoch - TV Tennis Electrotennis.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/FBNeo - Arcade Games-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/FBNeo - Arcade Games.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/FFmpeg-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/FFmpeg.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Fairchild - Channel F System II.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Fairchild - Channel F-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Fairchild - Channel F.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Flashback-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Flashback.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Fujitsu - FM Towns Marty 2.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Fujitsu - FM Towns Marty-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Fujitsu - FM Towns Marty.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Fujitsu - FM Towns.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Fujitsu - FM-7.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Fujitsu - FMR50.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Fukutake Publishing - StudyBox HVC-101.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Fukutake Publishing - StudyBox-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Fukutake Publishing - StudyBox.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Funtech - Super Acan-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Funtech - Super Acan.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/GCE - Vectrex-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/GCE - Vectrex.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Gakken - Compact Vision TV Boy-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Gakken - Compact Vision TV Boy.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Game-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Game.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/GamePark - Caanoo.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/GamePark - GP2X F200.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/GamePark - GP2X Wiz.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/GamePark - GP2X.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/GamePark - GP32-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/GamePark - GP32.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Google - Nexus Player-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Google - Nexus Player.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Google - Stadia G.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Google - Stadia W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Google - Stadia-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Google - Stadia.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Handheld Electronic Game - Acclaim.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Handheld Electronic Game - M 2024.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Handheld Electronic Game - M 2937.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Handheld Electronic Game - M 2938.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Handheld Electronic Game - M 5171.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Handheld Electronic Game - M 5264.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Handheld Electronic Game - M 5409.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Handheld Electronic Game - M 5410.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Handheld Electronic Game - M 9879.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Handheld Electronic Game-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Handheld Electronic Game.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Hartung - Game Master-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Hartung - Game Master.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Interton - VC 4000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Interton - VC 4000.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Interton - Video 2000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Interton - Video 2000.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Konami - Picno-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Konami - Picno.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/LJN - Video Art.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/LeapFrog - LeapPad-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/LeapFrog - LeapPad.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/LeapFrog - Leapster Learning Game System 1 GS.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/LeapFrog - Leapster Learning Game System 1 PQ.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/LeapFrog - Leapster Learning Game System 2 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/LeapFrog - Leapster Learning Game System 2 PQ.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/LeapFrog - Leapster Learning Game System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/LeapFrog - Leapster Learning Game System.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/LeapFrog - My First LeapPad-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/LeapFrog - My First LeapPad.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Libretro - Pad.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Lutro-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Lutro.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/MAME 2000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/MAME 2000.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/MAME 2003-Plus-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/MAME 2003-Plus.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/MAME 2003-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/MAME 2003.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/MAME 2010-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/MAME 2010.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/MAME 2015-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/MAME 2015.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/MAME 2016-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/MAME 2016.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/MAME-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/MAME.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Magnavox - Odyssey 100.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Magnavox - Odyssey 200.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Magnavox - Odyssey 2000.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Magnavox - Odyssey 2001.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Magnavox - Odyssey 2100.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Magnavox - Odyssey 300.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Magnavox - Odyssey 3000.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Magnavox - Odyssey 400.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Magnavox - Odyssey 4000.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Magnavox - Odyssey 500.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Magnavox - Odyssey-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Magnavox - Odyssey.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Magnavox - Odyssey2-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Magnavox - Odyssey2.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Mattel - HyperScan Alt.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Mattel - HyperScan-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Mattel - HyperScan.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Mattel - Intellivision 3504.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Mattel - Intellivision 49-75011.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Mattel - Intellivision 58-100.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Mattel - Intellivision 5872.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Mattel - Intellivision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Mattel - Intellivision.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Microsoft - MSX CPC-50.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Microsoft - MSX-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Microsoft - MSX.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Microsoft - MSX2-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Microsoft - MSX2.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Microsoft - Xbox 360 (Digital)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Microsoft - Xbox 360 (Digital).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Microsoft - Xbox 360 E K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Microsoft - Xbox 360 E KT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Microsoft - Xbox 360 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Microsoft - Xbox 360 KT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Microsoft - Xbox 360 S K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Microsoft - Xbox 360 S KT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Microsoft - Xbox 360 S W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Microsoft - Xbox 360 S WT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Microsoft - Xbox 360 WT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Microsoft - Xbox 360-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Microsoft - Xbox 360.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Microsoft - Xbox G.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Microsoft - Xbox O.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Microsoft - Xbox One S W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Microsoft - Xbox One S WT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Microsoft - Xbox One X K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Microsoft - Xbox One-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Microsoft - Xbox One.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Microsoft - Xbox S.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Microsoft - Xbox Series S K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Microsoft - Xbox Series S W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Microsoft - Xbox Series S WT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Microsoft - Xbox Series X W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Microsoft - Xbox Series X-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Microsoft - Xbox Series X.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Microsoft - Xbox W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Microsoft - Xbox-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Microsoft - Xbox.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Milton Bradley - Microvision Alt.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Milton Bradley - Microvision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Milton Bradley - Microvision.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Minecraft-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Minecraft.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/MrBoom-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/MrBoom.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16 HES-EXP-01 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16 HES-TGX-01 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16 PI-TG2 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16 PI-TG3 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16 PI-TG7 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16 PI-TG9 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16-content (E).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16-content (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD AD-USA.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD CDR-30 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD HES-CDR-01 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD HES-DUO-01 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD PI-CD1 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD PI-TG8 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/NEC - PC Engine SuperGrafx-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/NEC - PC Engine SuperGrafx.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/NEC - PC-98-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/NEC - PC-98.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/NEC - PC-FX-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/NEC - PC-FX.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Neo Geo-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Neo Geo.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nichibutsu - My Vision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nichibutsu - My Vision.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Color TV-Game CTG-15S.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Color TV-Game CTG-15V.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Color TV-Game CTG-6S.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Color TV-Game CTG-6V.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Color TV-Game CTG-BK6.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Color TV-Game CTG-CR112.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Color TV-Game CTG-HC10.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Color TV-Game XG-106.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Color TV-Game XG-115.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Family Computer Disk System AN500B.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Family Computer Disk System AN500R.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Family Computer Disk System AN505BK.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Family Computer Disk System AN505RD.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Family Computer Disk System HVC-101.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Family Computer Disk System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Family Computer Disk System.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Game & Watch AC-01.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Game & Watch BU-201.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Game & Watch BX-301.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Game & Watch CJ-71.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Game & Watch CN-07.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Game & Watch DJ-101.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Game & Watch DK-52.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Game & Watch DM-53.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Game & Watch DR-802.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Game & Watch EG-26.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Game & Watch FL-02.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Game & Watch FP-24.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Game & Watch FR-27.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Game & Watch GH-54.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Game & Watch ID-29.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Game & Watch IP-05 G.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Game & Watch IP-05 P.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Game & Watch JR-55.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Game & Watch LN-08.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Game & Watch MC-25.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Game & Watch MH-06.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Game & Watch MN-06.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Game & Watch MT-03.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Game & Watch MV-64.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Game & Watch MW-56.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Game & Watch OC-22.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Game & Watch OP-51.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Game & Watch PB-59.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Game & Watch PG-74.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Game & Watch PP-23.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Game & Watch PR-21.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Game & Watch RC-04.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Game & Watch SM-91.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Game & Watch SP-30.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Game & Watch TL-28.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Game & Watch YM-801.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance (e-Reader)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance (e-Reader).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGB-001 B.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGB-001 G.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGB-001 GO.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGB-001 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGB-001 O.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGB-001 P.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGB-001 R.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGB-001 S.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGB-001 Y.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGS-001 B.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGS-001 HVC1.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGS-001 HVC2.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGS-001 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGS-001 NES.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGS-001 S.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGS-101 B.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGS-101 GO.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGS-101 R.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance OXY-001 HVC.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance OXY-001 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance OXY-001 S.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Game Boy Color CGB-001 G.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Game Boy Color CGB-001 P.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Game Boy Color CGB-001 Q.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Game Boy Color CGB-001 Y.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Game Boy Color-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Game Boy Color.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Game Boy DMG-001 B.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Game Boy DMG-001 G.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Game Boy DMG-001 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Game Boy DMG-001 P.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Game Boy DMG-001 R.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Game Boy DMG-001 W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Game Boy DMG-001 Y.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Game Boy MGB-001 A.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Game Boy MGB-001 B.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Game Boy MGB-001 DMG.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Game Boy MGB-001 G.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Game Boy MGB-001 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Game Boy MGB-001 P.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Game Boy MGB-001 R.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Game Boy MGB-001 S.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Game Boy MGB-001 Y.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Game Boy MGB-101 G.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Game Boy MGB-101 S.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Game Boy-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Game Boy.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - GameCube DOL-001 G.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - GameCube DOL-001 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - GameCube DOL-001 O.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - GameCube DOL-001 R.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - GameCube DOL-001 S.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - GameCube DOL-001 W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - GameCube SL-GC10.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - GameCube-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - GameCube.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS JAN-001 KA.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS JAN-001 KG.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS JAN-001 WO.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS JAN-001 WP.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS KTR-001 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS KTR-001 W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS RED-001 W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (DLC)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (DLC).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (Digital)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (Digital).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS CTR-001 A.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS CTR-001 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS CTR-001 Q.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS CTR-001 R.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS CTR-001 W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS FTR-001 BK.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS FTR-001 KB.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS FTR-001 KR.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS FTR-001 RK.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS SPR-001 W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Nintendo 64 NUS-001 A.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Nintendo 64 NUS-001 B.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Nintendo 64 NUS-001 G.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Nintendo 64 NUS-001 H.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Nintendo 64 NUS-001 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Nintendo 64 NUS-001 O.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Nintendo 64 NUS-001 P.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Nintendo 64 NUS-001 Q.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Nintendo 64-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Nintendo 64.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Nintendo 64DD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Nintendo 64DD.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Nintendo DS (Download Play)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Nintendo DS (Download Play).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Nintendo DS Decrypted-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Nintendo DS Decrypted.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Nintendo DS NTR-001 B.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Nintendo DS NTR-001 R.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Nintendo DS NTR-001 S.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Nintendo DS USG-001 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Nintendo DS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Nintendo DS.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi (DLC)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi (DLC).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi Decrypted-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi Decrypted.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi TWL-001 A.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi TWL-001 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi TWL-001 P.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi TWL-001 W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi UTL-001 B.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi UTL-001 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi UTL-001 R.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System HVC-001.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System HVC-101.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System NES-101.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System RET-AVS.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System-content (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Pokemon Mini MIN-001 G.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Pokemon Mini MIN-001 Q.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Pokemon Mini-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Pokemon Mini.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Satellaview-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Satellaview.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Sufami Turbo SHVC-101.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Sufami Turbo SNS-001.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Sufami Turbo SNS-101.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Sufami Turbo-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Sufami Turbo.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System SHVC-101.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System SNS-001.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System SNS-101.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System SNSP-001.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System SNt Classic.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System SNt SF.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System-content (1) (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System-content (2) (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System-content (E).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Switch HAC-001 B.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Switch HAC-001 BK.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Switch HAC-001 BR.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Switch HAC-001 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Switch HAC-001 KB.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Switch HAC-001 KR.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Switch HAC-001 R.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Switch HAC-001 RB.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Switch HAC-001 RK.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Switch HAC-001 Y.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Switch HAC-001.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Switch HAC-007 BR.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Switch HAC-007 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Switch HAC-007 KT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Switch HAC-007 R.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Switch HAC-007 Y.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Switch HAC-007.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Switch HDH-001 G.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Switch HDH-001 Y.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Switch HDH-001.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Switch-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Switch.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Virtual Boy T.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Virtual Boy-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Virtual Boy.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Wii (Digital)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Wii (Digital).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Wii RVL-001 B.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Wii RVL-001 BT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Wii RVL-001 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Wii RVL-001 KT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Wii RVL-001 R.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Wii RVL-001 RT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Wii RVL-001 WT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Wii RVL-201.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Wii U WUP-001 KT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Wii U WUP-001 W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Wii U WUP-001 WT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Wii U-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Wii U.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Wii-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - Wii.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - e-Reader-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nintendo - e-Reader.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nokia - N-Gage QD.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nokia - N-Gage-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nokia - N-Gage.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Nvidia - Shield TV.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Ouya - Ouya.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/PC-50X - Palladium Tele Cassetten Game 825-530.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/PC-50X - Palladium Tele Cassetten Game 825-581.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/PC-50X - SHG Black Point FS-1003.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Philips - CD-i-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Philips - CD-i.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Philips - Tele-Game ES-2203.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Philips - Tele-Game.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Philips - Videopac+-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Philips - Videopac+.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Pioneer - LaserActive.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Pioneer - Laseractive-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/PlayJam - Game Stick.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Quake II-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Quake II.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Quake III-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Quake III.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Quake-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Quake.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/RCA - Studio II-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/RCA - Studio II.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/RPG Maker-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/RPG Maker.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Rick Dangerous-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Rick Dangerous.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/SNK - Neo Geo CD Tray.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/SNK - Neo Geo CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/SNK - Neo Geo CD.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/SNK - Neo Geo CDZ.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/SNK - Neo Geo Mini.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket Color-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket Color.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket S.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/SNK - Neo Geo X-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/SNK - Neo Geo X.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/SNK - Neo Geo-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/SNK - Neo Geo.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/SSD - Xavixport-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/SSD - Xavixport.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sanyo - MBC-550-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sanyo - MBC-550.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/ScummVM-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/ScummVM.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sega - 32X HAA-2502-84000 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sega - 32X HAA-2510-84000 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sega - 32X MK-1601-84000 (E).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sega - 32X MK-1601-84000 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sega - 32X MK-1631-84000 (E).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sega - 32X Neptune (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sega - 32X-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sega - 32X.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sega - Beena-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sega - Beena.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sega - Chihiro-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sega - Chihiro.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sega - Dreamcast B.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sega - Dreamcast H.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sega - Dreamcast K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sega - Dreamcast-content (E).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sega - Dreamcast-content (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sega - Dreamcast-content (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sega - Dreamcast-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sega - Dreamcast.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sega - Game Gear A.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sega - Game Gear B.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sega - Game Gear Q.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sega - Game Gear R.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sega - Game Gear S.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sega - Game Gear W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sega - Game Gear Y.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sega - Game Gear-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sega - Game Gear.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sega - Master System - Mark III MK-3006.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sega - Master System - Mark III SG-1000M3 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sega - Master System - Mark III-content (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sega - Master System - Mark III-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sega - Master System - Mark III.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis HAA-2502 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis HAA-2510 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis HMJ-0300 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis MK-1461 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis MK-1601 (E).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis MK-1631 (E).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis MK-1631 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis MK-6100 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis MSg-EU.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis MSg-JP.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis MSg-USA.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis-content (E).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis-content (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis-content (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD HAA-2502-2912 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD HAA-2510-2910 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD HAA-2510-2912 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD MK-1601-1690 (E).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD MK-1601-1690 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD MK-1601-4102 (E).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD MK-1601-4102 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD MK-1631-4102 (E).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD MK-1631-4102 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD RG-M1 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD RG-M2 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sega - PICO-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sega - PICO.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sega - SG-1000 II.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sega - SG-1000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sega - SG-1000.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sega - Saturn HST-3200 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sega - Saturn MK-80000 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sega - Saturn MK-80000A (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sega - Saturn Pluto (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sega - Saturn-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sega - Saturn.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sega - VMU.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sega - Video Driver-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sega - Video Driver.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sharp - X68000 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sharp - X68000 KT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sharp - X68000 ST.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sharp - X68000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sharp - X68000.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sinclair - ZX 81-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sinclair - ZX 81.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sinclair - ZX Spectrum +3-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sinclair - ZX Spectrum +3.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sinclair - ZX Spectrum-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sinclair - ZX Spectrum.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation (PocketStation) K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation (PocketStation).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation 2 PSX-5000.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation 2 PSX-5100.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation 2 SCPH-10000.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation 2 SCPH-70000 T.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation 2 SCPH-70000.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation 2 SCPH-90000 T.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation 2 SCPH-90000.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation 2-content CD.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation 2-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation 2.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation 3 (DLC)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation 3 (DLC).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation 3 (Downloadable)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation 3 (Downloadable).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation 3 (PSN)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation 3 (PSN).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation 3-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation 4 CUH-1000 KT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation 4 CUH-1000 S.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation 4 CUH-1000 ST.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation 4 CUH-1000 W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation 4 CUH-1000 WT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation 4 CUH-2000 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation 4 CUH-2000 KT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation 4 CUH-2000 W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation 4 CUH-2000 WT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation 4 CUH-7000 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation 4 CUH-7000 KT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation 4-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation 4.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation 5 T.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation 5 WT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation 5-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation 5.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation DTL-H1000.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation DTL-H1200.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation DTL-H3000.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation Portable (DLC)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation Portable (DLC).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation Portable (PSN)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation Portable (PSN).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation Portable (PSX2PSP)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation Portable (PSX2PSP).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation Portable (UMD Music)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation Portable (UMD Music).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation Portable (UMD Video)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation Portable (UMD Video).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation Portable PSP-2000 B.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation Portable PSP-2000 H.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation Portable PSP-2000 R.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation Portable PSP-2000 S.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation Portable PSP-2000 W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation Portable PSP-E1000 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation Portable PSP-E1000 W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation Portable PSP-N1000 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation Portable PSP-N1000 W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation Portable-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation Portable.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation SCPH-100-131 Flat.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation SCPH-100-131.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation SCPH-100.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation Vita PCH-1000 B.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation Vita PCH-1000 R.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation Vita PCH-1000 W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation Vita PCH-2000 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation Vita PCH-2000 W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation Vita VTE-1000 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation Vita VTE-1000 W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation Vita-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation Vita.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sony - PlayStation.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sony - Playstation 3 CECH-2000 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sony - Playstation 3 CECH-2000 KT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sony - Playstation 3 CECH-4000 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sony - Playstation 3 CECH-4000 KT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sony - Playstation 3 CECHA00 KT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Sony - Playstation 3.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Spectravideo - SV 328.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Spectravideo - SVI-318 - SVI-328-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Spectravideo - SVI-318 - SVI-328.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/TIC-80-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/TIC-80.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Taito - Egret II Mini.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Taito - Egret II.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Takara - Video Challenger-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Takara - Video Challenger.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Tandy - Video Information System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Tandy - Video Information System.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Tapwave - Zodiac-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Tapwave - Zodiac.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Texas Instruments - TI-99-4A.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/The 3DO Company - 3DO FZ-10.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/The 3DO Company - 3DO GDO-101.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/The 3DO Company - 3DO GDO-203P.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/The 3DO Company - 3DO IMP-21J.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/The 3DO Company - 3DO-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/The 3DO Company - 3DO.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Thomson - MOTO Cartridge.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Thomson - MOTO TO8.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Thomson - MOTO TO8D.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Thomson - MOTO-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Thomson - MOTO.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Tiger - Game.com Pocket Pro.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Tiger - Game.com-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Tiger - Game.com.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Tiger - Gizmondo-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Tiger - Gizmondo.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Tomb Raider-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Tomb Raider.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Tomy - Tutor-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Tomy - Tutor.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Umtech - VideoBrain-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Umtech - VideoBrain.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Unisonic - Champion 2711-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Unisonic - Champion 2711.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Uzebox-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Uzebox.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/VM Labs - NUON-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/VM Labs - NUON.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/VTech - 3D Gamate-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/VTech - 3D Gamate.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/VTech - CreatiVision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/VTech - CreatiVision.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/VTech - Socrates Alt.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/VTech - Socrates-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/VTech - Socrates.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/VTech - V.Flash-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/VTech - V.Flash.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/VTech - V.Smile P.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/VTech - V.Smile-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/VTech - V.Smile.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Valve - Steam Link.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/View-Master - Interactive Vision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/View-Master - Interactive Vision.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Watara - Supervision Original.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Watara - Supervision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Watara - Supervision.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Welback - Mega Duck-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Welback - Mega Duck.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Worlds of Wonder - Action Max-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Worlds of Wonder - Action Max.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Yamaha - Copera-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Yamaha - Copera.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/ZAPiT - Game Wave-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/ZAPiT - Game Wave.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/Zeebo - Zeebo.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/achievement-list.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/add-favorite.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/add.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/arrow.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/battery-20.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/battery-40.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/battery-60.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/battery-80.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/battery-charging.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/battery-full.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/bluetooth.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/clock.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/close.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/core-cheat-options.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/core-disk-options.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/core-infos.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/core-input-remapping-options.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/core-options.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/core-shader-options.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/core.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/cursor.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/database.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/default-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/default.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/dialog-slice.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/favorites-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/favorites.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/file.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/folder.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/history.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/iQue - iQue-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/iQue - iQue.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/image.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/images.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/input_ADC.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/input_BIND_ALL.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/input_BTN-D.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/input_BTN-L.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/input_BTN-R.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/input_BTN-U.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/input_DPAD-D.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/input_DPAD-L.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/input_DPAD-R.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/input_DPAD-U.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/input_LB.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/input_LGUN.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/input_LT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/input_MOUSE.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/input_RB.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/input_RT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/input_SELECT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/input_START.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/input_STCK-D.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/input_STCK-L.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/input_STCK-P.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/input_STCK-R.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/input_STCK-U.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/input_TURBO.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/key-hover.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/key.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/lakka.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/loadstate.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/menu_achievements.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/menu_add.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/menu_apply_cog.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/menu_apply_toggle.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/menu_audio.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/menu_brightness.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/menu_check.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/menu_drivers.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/menu_exit.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/menu_frameskip.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/menu_help.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/menu_hourglass.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/menu_info.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/menu_latency.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/menu_log.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/menu_mixer.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/menu_network.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/menu_notifications.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/menu_osd.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/menu_overlay.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/menu_override.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/menu_pause.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/menu_playlist.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/menu_power.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/menu_privacy.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/menu_quickmenu.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/menu_record.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/menu_rewind.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/menu_room.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/menu_room_lan.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/menu_room_relay.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/menu_saving.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/menu_shutdown.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/menu_stream.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/menu_ui.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/menu_updater.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/menu_user.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/menu_video.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/menu_volume_max.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/menu_volume_med.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/menu_volume_min.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/menu_volume_mute.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/movie.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/movies.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/music.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/musics.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/netplay.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/off.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/on.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/pointer.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/reload.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/rename.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/resume.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/retroarch.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/run.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/savestate.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/screenshot.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/setting.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/settings.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/subsetting.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/undo.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/wifi.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/256/zip.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/1292 Advanced Programmable Video System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/1292 Advanced Programmable Video System.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/2048-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/2048.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/ACT - Apricot PC Xi-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/ACT - Apricot PC Xi.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/APF - Imagination Machine-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/APF - Imagination Machine.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/APF - MP-1000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/APF - MP-1000.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Acorn - Archimedes-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Acorn - Archimedes.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Acorn - Atom (Tapes)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Acorn - Atom (Tapes).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Acorn - Atom-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Acorn - Atom.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Acorn - BBC Micro-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Acorn - BBC Micro.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Acorn - Risc PC-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Acorn - Risc PC.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Acorn RISC OS - Flash Media-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Acorn RISC OS - Flash Media.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Amazon - Fire TV (2nd Gen).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Amazon - Fire TV (3rd Gen).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Amazon - Fire TV Cube.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Amazon - Fire TV-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Amazon - Fire TV.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Amazon - Luna-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Amazon - Luna.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Amstrad - CPC-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Amstrad - CPC.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Amstrad - GX4000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Amstrad - GX4000.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Analogue - Analogue Pocket W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Analogue - Analogue Pocket-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Analogue - Analogue Pocket.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Apple - I (Tapes)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Apple - I (Tapes).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Apple - I-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Apple - I.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Apple - II Plus-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Apple - II Plus.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Apple - II-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Apple - II.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Apple - IIGS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Apple - IIGS.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Apple - IIe-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Apple - IIe.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Apple - Macintosh (BETA)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Apple - Macintosh (BETA).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Apple - Macintosh-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Apple - Macintosh.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Apple-Bandai - Pippin K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Apple-Bandai - Pippin-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Apple-Bandai - Pippin.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Atari - 2600 637.75000.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Atari - 2600 CX2600A K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Atari - 2600 CX2600A.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Atari - 2600 CX2600JR.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Atari - 2600 CX2600JRA.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Atari - 2600 CX2600JRB.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Atari - 2600 CX2700.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Atari - 2600 Flashback 2.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Atari - 2600 Flashback.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Atari - 2600-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Atari - 2600.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Atari - 5200-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Atari - 5200.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Atari - 7800-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Atari - 7800.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Atari - 8-bit-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Atari - 8-bit.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Atari - Jaguar CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Atari - Jaguar CD.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Atari - Jaguar-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Atari - Jaguar.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Atari - Lynx PAG-0401.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Atari - Lynx-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Atari - Lynx.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Atari - Pong 25796.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Atari - Pong C-140.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Atari - Pong C-200.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Atari - Pong-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Atari - Pong.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Atari - ST (Tapes)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Atari - ST (Tapes).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Atari - ST-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Atari - ST.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Atari - VCS K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Atari - VCS O.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Atari - VCS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Atari - VCS.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Atari - XEGS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Atari - XEGS.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Atomiswave (alt)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Atomiswave (alt).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/BBC - Bridge Companion-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/BBC - Bridge Companion.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Bally - Astrocade-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Bally - Astrocade.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Bandai - Playdia-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Bandai - Playdia.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Bandai - Super Vision 8000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Bandai - Super Vision 8000.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Bandai - Terebikko-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Bandai - Terebikko.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Bandai - WonderSwan Color SCT-001 R.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Bandai - WonderSwan Color WSC-001 B.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Bandai - WonderSwan Color WSC-001 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Bandai - WonderSwan Color WSC-001 O.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Bandai - WonderSwan Color WSC-001 S.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Bandai - WonderSwan Color-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Bandai - WonderSwan Color.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Bandai - WonderSwan-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Bandai - WonderSwan.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Benesse - Pocket Challenge V2-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Benesse - Pocket Challenge V2.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Benesse - Pocket Challenge W-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Benesse - Pocket Challenge W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Bit Corporation - Gamate-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Bit Corporation - Gamate.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/CHIP-8-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/CHIP-8.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Cannonball-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Cannonball.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Capcom - CP System Changer.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Capcom - CP System I-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Capcom - CP System I.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Capcom - CP System II (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Capcom - CP System II-content (As).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Capcom - CP System II-content (B).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Capcom - CP System II-content (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Capcom - CP System II-content (Rental).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Capcom - CP System II-content (W).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Capcom - CP System II-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Capcom - CP System II.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Capcom - CP System III CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Capcom - CP System III-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Capcom - CP System III-content_combo.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Capcom - CP System III-content_mobo.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Capcom - CP System III.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Casio - Loopy-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Casio - Loopy.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Casio - PV-1000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Casio - PV-1000.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Cave Story-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Cave Story.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/ChaiLove-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/ChaiLove.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Coleco - ColecoVision ADAM-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Coleco - ColecoVision ADAM.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Coleco - ColecoVision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Coleco - ColecoVision.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Coleco - Telstar 6030.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Coleco - Telstar 6040.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Coleco - Telstar 6045.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Coleco - Telstar 6065.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Coleco - Telstar 6071.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Coleco - Telstar 6135.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Commodore - 64 (PP)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Commodore - 64 (PP).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Commodore - 64 (Tapes)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Commodore - 64 (Tapes).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Commodore - 64 64C.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Commodore - 64 Games System.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Commodore - 64-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Commodore - 64.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Commodore - Amiga-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Commodore - Amiga.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Commodore - CD32-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Commodore - CD32.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Commodore - CDTV-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Commodore - CDTV.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Commodore - Plus-4-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Commodore - Plus-4.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Commodore - VIC-20-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Commodore - VIC-20.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Connor - VideoSmarts-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Connor - VideoSmarts.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/DOOM-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/DOOM.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/DOS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/DOS.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Dinothawr-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Dinothawr.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Dungeon Crawl Stone Soup-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Dungeon Crawl Stone Soup.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Emerson - Arcadia 2001-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Emerson - Arcadia 2001.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Entex - Adventure Vision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Entex - Adventure Vision.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Entex - Select-A-Game-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Entex - Select-A-Game.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Epoch - Cassette Vision Jr.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Epoch - Cassette Vision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Epoch - Cassette Vision.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Epoch - Game Pocket Computer-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Epoch - Game Pocket Computer.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Epoch - Super Cassette Vision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Epoch - Super Cassette Vision.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Epoch - TV Tennis Electrotennis-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Epoch - TV Tennis Electrotennis.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/FBNeo - Arcade Games-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/FBNeo - Arcade Games.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/FFmpeg-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/FFmpeg.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Fairchild - Channel F System II.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Fairchild - Channel F-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Fairchild - Channel F.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Flashback-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Flashback.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Fujitsu - FM Towns Marty 2.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Fujitsu - FM Towns Marty-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Fujitsu - FM Towns Marty.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Fujitsu - FM Towns.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Fujitsu - FM-7.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Fujitsu - FMR50.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Fukutake Publishing - StudyBox HVC-101.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Fukutake Publishing - StudyBox-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Fukutake Publishing - StudyBox.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Funtech - Super Acan-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Funtech - Super Acan.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/GCE - Vectrex-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/GCE - Vectrex.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Gakken - Compact Vision TV Boy-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Gakken - Compact Vision TV Boy.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Game-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Game.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/GamePark - Caanoo.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/GamePark - GP2X F200.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/GamePark - GP2X Wiz.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/GamePark - GP2X.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/GamePark - GP32-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/GamePark - GP32.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Google - Nexus Player-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Google - Nexus Player.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Google - Stadia G.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Google - Stadia W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Google - Stadia-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Google - Stadia.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Handheld Electronic Game - Acclaim.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Handheld Electronic Game - M 2024.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Handheld Electronic Game - M 2937.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Handheld Electronic Game - M 2938.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Handheld Electronic Game - M 5171.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Handheld Electronic Game - M 5264.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Handheld Electronic Game - M 5409.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Handheld Electronic Game - M 5410.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Handheld Electronic Game - M 9879.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Handheld Electronic Game-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Handheld Electronic Game.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Hartung - Game Master-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Hartung - Game Master.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Interton - VC 4000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Interton - VC 4000.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Interton - Video 2000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Interton - Video 2000.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Konami - Picno-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Konami - Picno.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/LJN - Video Art.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/LeapFrog - LeapPad-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/LeapFrog - LeapPad.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/LeapFrog - Leapster Learning Game System 1 GS.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/LeapFrog - Leapster Learning Game System 1 PQ.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/LeapFrog - Leapster Learning Game System 2 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/LeapFrog - Leapster Learning Game System 2 PQ.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/LeapFrog - Leapster Learning Game System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/LeapFrog - Leapster Learning Game System.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/LeapFrog - My First LeapPad-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/LeapFrog - My First LeapPad.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Libretro - Pad.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Lutro-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Lutro.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/MAME 2000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/MAME 2000.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/MAME 2003-Plus-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/MAME 2003-Plus.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/MAME 2003-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/MAME 2003.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/MAME 2010-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/MAME 2010.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/MAME 2015-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/MAME 2015.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/MAME 2016-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/MAME 2016.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/MAME-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/MAME.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Magnavox - Odyssey 100.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Magnavox - Odyssey 200.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Magnavox - Odyssey 2000.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Magnavox - Odyssey 2001.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Magnavox - Odyssey 2100.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Magnavox - Odyssey 300.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Magnavox - Odyssey 3000.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Magnavox - Odyssey 400.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Magnavox - Odyssey 4000.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Magnavox - Odyssey 500.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Magnavox - Odyssey-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Magnavox - Odyssey.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Magnavox - Odyssey2-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Magnavox - Odyssey2.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Mattel - HyperScan Alt.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Mattel - HyperScan-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Mattel - HyperScan.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Mattel - Intellivision 3504.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Mattel - Intellivision 49-75011.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Mattel - Intellivision 58-100.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Mattel - Intellivision 5872.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Mattel - Intellivision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Mattel - Intellivision.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Microsoft - MSX CPC-50.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Microsoft - MSX-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Microsoft - MSX.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Microsoft - MSX2-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Microsoft - MSX2.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Microsoft - Xbox 360 (Digital)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Microsoft - Xbox 360 (Digital).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Microsoft - Xbox 360 E K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Microsoft - Xbox 360 E KT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Microsoft - Xbox 360 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Microsoft - Xbox 360 KT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Microsoft - Xbox 360 S K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Microsoft - Xbox 360 S KT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Microsoft - Xbox 360 S W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Microsoft - Xbox 360 S WT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Microsoft - Xbox 360 WT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Microsoft - Xbox 360-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Microsoft - Xbox 360.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Microsoft - Xbox G.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Microsoft - Xbox O.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Microsoft - Xbox One S W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Microsoft - Xbox One S WT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Microsoft - Xbox One X K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Microsoft - Xbox One-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Microsoft - Xbox One.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Microsoft - Xbox S.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Microsoft - Xbox Series S K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Microsoft - Xbox Series S W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Microsoft - Xbox Series S WT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Microsoft - Xbox Series X W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Microsoft - Xbox Series X-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Microsoft - Xbox Series X.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Microsoft - Xbox W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Microsoft - Xbox-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Microsoft - Xbox.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Milton Bradley - Microvision Alt.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Milton Bradley - Microvision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Milton Bradley - Microvision.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Minecraft-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Minecraft.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/MrBoom-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/MrBoom.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16 HES-EXP-01 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16 HES-TGX-01 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16 PI-TG2 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16 PI-TG3 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16 PI-TG7 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16 PI-TG9 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16-content (E).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16-content (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD AD-USA.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD CDR-30 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD HES-CDR-01 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD HES-DUO-01 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD PI-CD1 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD PI-TG8 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/NEC - PC Engine SuperGrafx-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/NEC - PC Engine SuperGrafx.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/NEC - PC-98-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/NEC - PC-98.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/NEC - PC-FX-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/NEC - PC-FX.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Neo Geo-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Neo Geo.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nichibutsu - My Vision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nichibutsu - My Vision.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Color TV-Game CTG-15S.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Color TV-Game CTG-15V.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Color TV-Game CTG-6S.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Color TV-Game CTG-6V.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Color TV-Game CTG-BK6.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Color TV-Game CTG-CR112.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Color TV-Game CTG-HC10.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Color TV-Game XG-106.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Color TV-Game XG-115.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Family Computer Disk System AN500B.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Family Computer Disk System AN500R.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Family Computer Disk System AN505BK.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Family Computer Disk System AN505RD.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Family Computer Disk System HVC-101.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Family Computer Disk System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Family Computer Disk System.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Game & Watch AC-01.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Game & Watch BU-201.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Game & Watch BX-301.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Game & Watch CJ-71.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Game & Watch CN-07.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Game & Watch DJ-101.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Game & Watch DK-52.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Game & Watch DM-53.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Game & Watch DR-802.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Game & Watch EG-26.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Game & Watch FL-02.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Game & Watch FP-24.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Game & Watch FR-27.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Game & Watch GH-54.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Game & Watch ID-29.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Game & Watch IP-05 G.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Game & Watch IP-05 P.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Game & Watch JR-55.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Game & Watch LN-08.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Game & Watch MC-25.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Game & Watch MH-06.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Game & Watch MN-06.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Game & Watch MT-03.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Game & Watch MV-64.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Game & Watch MW-56.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Game & Watch OC-22.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Game & Watch OP-51.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Game & Watch PB-59.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Game & Watch PG-74.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Game & Watch PP-23.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Game & Watch PR-21.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Game & Watch RC-04.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Game & Watch SM-91.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Game & Watch SP-30.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Game & Watch TL-28.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Game & Watch YM-801.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance (e-Reader)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance (e-Reader).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGB-001 B.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGB-001 G.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGB-001 GO.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGB-001 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGB-001 O.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGB-001 P.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGB-001 R.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGB-001 S.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGB-001 Y.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGS-001 B.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGS-001 HVC1.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGS-001 HVC2.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGS-001 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGS-001 NES.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGS-001 S.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGS-101 B.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGS-101 GO.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGS-101 R.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance OXY-001 HVC.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance OXY-001 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance OXY-001 S.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Game Boy Color CGB-001 G.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Game Boy Color CGB-001 P.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Game Boy Color CGB-001 Q.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Game Boy Color CGB-001 Y.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Game Boy Color-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Game Boy Color.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Game Boy DMG-001 B.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Game Boy DMG-001 G.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Game Boy DMG-001 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Game Boy DMG-001 P.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Game Boy DMG-001 R.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Game Boy DMG-001 W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Game Boy DMG-001 Y.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Game Boy MGB-001 A.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Game Boy MGB-001 B.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Game Boy MGB-001 DMG.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Game Boy MGB-001 G.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Game Boy MGB-001 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Game Boy MGB-001 P.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Game Boy MGB-001 R.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Game Boy MGB-001 S.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Game Boy MGB-001 Y.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Game Boy MGB-101 G.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Game Boy MGB-101 S.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Game Boy-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Game Boy.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - GameCube DOL-001 G.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - GameCube DOL-001 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - GameCube DOL-001 O.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - GameCube DOL-001 R.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - GameCube DOL-001 S.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - GameCube DOL-001 W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - GameCube SL-GC10.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - GameCube-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - GameCube.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS JAN-001 KA.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS JAN-001 KG.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS JAN-001 WO.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS JAN-001 WP.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS KTR-001 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS KTR-001 W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS RED-001 W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (DLC)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (DLC).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (Digital)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (Digital).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS CTR-001 A.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS CTR-001 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS CTR-001 Q.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS CTR-001 R.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS CTR-001 W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS FTR-001 BK.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS FTR-001 KB.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS FTR-001 KR.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS FTR-001 RK.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS SPR-001 W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Nintendo 64 NUS-001 A.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Nintendo 64 NUS-001 B.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Nintendo 64 NUS-001 G.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Nintendo 64 NUS-001 H.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Nintendo 64 NUS-001 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Nintendo 64 NUS-001 O.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Nintendo 64 NUS-001 P.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Nintendo 64 NUS-001 Q.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Nintendo 64-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Nintendo 64.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Nintendo 64DD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Nintendo 64DD.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Nintendo DS (Download Play)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Nintendo DS (Download Play).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Nintendo DS Decrypted-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Nintendo DS Decrypted.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Nintendo DS NTR-001 B.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Nintendo DS NTR-001 R.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Nintendo DS NTR-001 S.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Nintendo DS USG-001 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Nintendo DS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Nintendo DS.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi (DLC)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi (DLC).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi Decrypted-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi Decrypted.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi TWL-001 A.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi TWL-001 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi TWL-001 P.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi TWL-001 W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi UTL-001 B.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi UTL-001 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi UTL-001 R.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System HVC-001.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System HVC-101.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System NES-101.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System RET-AVS.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System-content (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Pokemon Mini MIN-001 G.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Pokemon Mini MIN-001 Q.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Pokemon Mini-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Pokemon Mini.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Satellaview-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Satellaview.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Sufami Turbo SHVC-101.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Sufami Turbo SNS-001.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Sufami Turbo SNS-101.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Sufami Turbo-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Sufami Turbo.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System SHVC-101.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System SNS-001.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System SNS-101.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System SNSP-001.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System SNt Classic.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System SNt SF.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System-content (1) (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System-content (2) (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System-content (E).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Switch HAC-001 B.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Switch HAC-001 BK.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Switch HAC-001 BR.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Switch HAC-001 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Switch HAC-001 KB.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Switch HAC-001 KR.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Switch HAC-001 R.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Switch HAC-001 RB.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Switch HAC-001 RK.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Switch HAC-001 Y.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Switch HAC-001.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Switch HAC-007 BR.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Switch HAC-007 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Switch HAC-007 R.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Switch HAC-007 Y.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Switch HAC-007.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Switch HDH-001 G.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Switch HDH-001 Y.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Switch HDH-001.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Switch JCD.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Switch-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Switch.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Virtual Boy T.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Virtual Boy-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Virtual Boy.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Wii (Digital)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Wii (Digital).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Wii RVL-001 B.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Wii RVL-001 BT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Wii RVL-001 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Wii RVL-001 KT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Wii RVL-001 R.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Wii RVL-001 RT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Wii RVL-001 WT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Wii RVL-201.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Wii U WUP-001 KT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Wii U WUP-001 W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Wii U WUP-001 WT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Wii U-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Wii U.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Wii-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - Wii.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - e-Reader-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nintendo - e-Reader.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nokia - N-Gage QD.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nokia - N-Gage-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nokia - N-Gage.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Nvidia - Shield TV.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Ouya - Ouya.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/PC-50X - Palladium Tele Cassetten Game 825-530.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/PC-50X - Palladium Tele Cassetten Game 825-581.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/PC-50X - SHG Black Point FS-1003.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Philips - CD-i-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Philips - CD-i.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Philips - Tele-Game ES-2203.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Philips - Tele-Game.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Philips - Videopac+-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Philips - Videopac+.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Pioneer - LaserActive.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Pioneer - Laseractive-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/PlayJam - Game Stick.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Quake II-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Quake II.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Quake III-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Quake III.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Quake-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Quake.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/RCA - Studio II-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/RCA - Studio II.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/RPG Maker-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/RPG Maker.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Rick Dangerous-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Rick Dangerous.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/SNK - Neo Geo CD Tray.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/SNK - Neo Geo CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/SNK - Neo Geo CD.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/SNK - Neo Geo CDZ.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/SNK - Neo Geo Mini.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket Color-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket Color.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket S.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/SNK - Neo Geo X-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/SNK - Neo Geo X.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/SNK - Neo Geo-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/SNK - Neo Geo.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/SSD - Xavixport-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/SSD - Xavixport.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sanyo - MBC-550-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sanyo - MBC-550.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/ScummVM-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/ScummVM.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sega - 32X HAA-2502-84000 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sega - 32X HAA-2510-84000 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sega - 32X MK-1601-84000 (E).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sega - 32X MK-1601-84000 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sega - 32X MK-1631-84000 (E).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sega - 32X Neptune (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sega - 32X-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sega - 32X.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sega - Beena-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sega - Beena.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sega - Chihiro-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sega - Chihiro.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sega - Dreamcast B.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sega - Dreamcast H.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sega - Dreamcast K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sega - Dreamcast-content (E).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sega - Dreamcast-content (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sega - Dreamcast-content (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sega - Dreamcast-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sega - Dreamcast.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sega - Game Gear A.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sega - Game Gear B.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sega - Game Gear Q.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sega - Game Gear R.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sega - Game Gear S.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sega - Game Gear W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sega - Game Gear Y.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sega - Game Gear-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sega - Game Gear.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sega - Master System - Mark III MK-3006.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sega - Master System - Mark III SG-1000M3 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sega - Master System - Mark III-content (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sega - Master System - Mark III-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sega - Master System - Mark III.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis HAA-2502 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis HAA-2510 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis HMJ-0300 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis MK-1461 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis MK-1601 (E).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis MK-1631 (E).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis MK-1631 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis MK-6100 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis MSg-EU.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis MSg-JP.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis MSg-USA.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis-content (E).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis-content (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis-content (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD HAA-2502-2912 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD HAA-2510-2910 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD HAA-2510-2912 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD MK-1601-1690 (E).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD MK-1601-1690 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD MK-1601-4102 (E).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD MK-1601-4102 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD MK-1631-4102 (E).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD MK-1631-4102 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD RG-M1 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD RG-M2 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sega - PICO-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sega - PICO.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sega - SG-1000 II.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sega - SG-1000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sega - SG-1000.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sega - Saturn HST-3200 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sega - Saturn MK-80000 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sega - Saturn MK-80000A (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sega - Saturn Pluto (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sega - Saturn-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sega - Saturn.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sega - VMU.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sega - Video Driver-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sega - Video Driver.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sharp - X68000 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sharp - X68000 KT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sharp - X68000 ST.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sharp - X68000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sharp - X68000.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sinclair - ZX 81-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sinclair - ZX 81.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sinclair - ZX Spectrum +3-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sinclair - ZX Spectrum +3.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sinclair - ZX Spectrum-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sinclair - ZX Spectrum.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation (PocketStation) K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation (PocketStation).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation 2 PSX-5000.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation 2 PSX-5100.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation 2 SCPH-10000.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation 2 SCPH-70000 T.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation 2 SCPH-70000.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation 2 SCPH-90000 T.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation 2 SCPH-90000.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation 2-content CD.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation 2-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation 2.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation 3 (DLC)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation 3 (DLC).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation 3 (Downloadable)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation 3 (Downloadable).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation 3 (PSN)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation 3 (PSN).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation 3-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation 4 CUH-1000 KT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation 4 CUH-1000 S.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation 4 CUH-1000 ST.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation 4 CUH-1000 W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation 4 CUH-1000 WT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation 4 CUH-2000 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation 4 CUH-2000 KT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation 4 CUH-2000 W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation 4 CUH-2000 WT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation 4 CUH-7000 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation 4 CUH-7000 KT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation 4-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation 4.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation 5 T.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation 5 WT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation 5-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation 5.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation DTL-H1000.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation DTL-H1200.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation DTL-H3000.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation Portable (DLC)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation Portable (DLC).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation Portable (PSN)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation Portable (PSN).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation Portable (PSX2PSP)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation Portable (PSX2PSP).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation Portable (UMD Music)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation Portable (UMD Music).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation Portable (UMD Video)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation Portable (UMD Video).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation Portable PSP-2000 B.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation Portable PSP-2000 H.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation Portable PSP-2000 R.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation Portable PSP-2000 S.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation Portable PSP-2000 W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation Portable PSP-E1000 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation Portable PSP-E1000 W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation Portable PSP-N1000 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation Portable PSP-N1000 W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation Portable-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation Portable.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation SCPH-100-131 Flat.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation SCPH-100-131.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation SCPH-100.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation Vita PCH-1000 B.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation Vita PCH-1000 R.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation Vita PCH-1000 W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation Vita PCH-2000 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation Vita PCH-2000 W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation Vita VTE-1000 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation Vita VTE-1000 W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation Vita-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation Vita.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sony - PlayStation.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sony - Playstation 3 CECH-2000 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sony - Playstation 3 CECH-2000 KT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sony - Playstation 3 CECH-4000 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sony - Playstation 3 CECH-4000 KT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sony - Playstation 3 CECHA00 KT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Sony - Playstation 3.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Spectravideo - SV 328.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Spectravideo - SVI-318 - SVI-328-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Spectravideo - SVI-318 - SVI-328.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/TIC-80-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/TIC-80.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Taito - Egret II Mini.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Taito - Egret II.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Takara - Video Challenger-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Takara - Video Challenger.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Tandy - Video Information System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Tandy - Video Information System.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Tapwave - Zodiac-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Tapwave - Zodiac.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Texas Instruments - TI-99-4A.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/The 3DO Company - 3DO FZ-10.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/The 3DO Company - 3DO GDO-101.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/The 3DO Company - 3DO GDO-203P.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/The 3DO Company - 3DO IMP-21J.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/The 3DO Company - 3DO-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/The 3DO Company - 3DO.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Thomson - MOTO Cartridge.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Thomson - MOTO TO8.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Thomson - MOTO TO8D.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Thomson - MOTO-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Thomson - MOTO.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Tiger - Game.com Pocket Pro.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Tiger - Game.com-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Tiger - Game.com.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Tiger - Gizmondo-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Tiger - Gizmondo.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Tomb Raider-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Tomb Raider.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Tomy - Tutor-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Tomy - Tutor.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Umtech - VideoBrain-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Umtech - VideoBrain.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Unisonic - Champion 2711-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Unisonic - Champion 2711.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Uzebox-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Uzebox.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/VM Labs - NUON-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/VM Labs - NUON.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/VTech - 3D Gamate-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/VTech - 3D Gamate.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/VTech - CreatiVision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/VTech - CreatiVision.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/VTech - Socrates Alt.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/VTech - Socrates-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/VTech - Socrates.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/VTech - V.Flash-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/VTech - V.Flash.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/VTech - V.Smile P.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/VTech - V.Smile-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/VTech - V.Smile.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Valve - Steam Link.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/View-Master - Interactive Vision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/View-Master - Interactive Vision.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Watara - Supervision Original.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Watara - Supervision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Watara - Supervision.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Welback - Mega Duck-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Welback - Mega Duck.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Worlds of Wonder - Action Max-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Worlds of Wonder - Action Max.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Yamaha - Copera-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Yamaha - Copera.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/ZAPiT - Game Wave-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/ZAPiT - Game Wave.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/Zeebo - Zeebo.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/achievement-list.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/add-favorite.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/add.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/arrow.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/battery-20.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/battery-40.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/battery-60.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/battery-80.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/battery-charging.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/battery-full.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/bluetooth.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/clock.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/close.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/core-cheat-options.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/core-disk-options.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/core-infos.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/core-input-remapping-options.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/core-options.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/core-shader-options.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/core.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/cursor.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/database.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/default-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/default.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/dialog-slice.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/favorites-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/favorites.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/file.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/folder.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/history.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/iQue - iQue-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/iQue - iQue.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/image.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/images.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/input_ADC.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/input_BIND_ALL.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/input_BTN-D.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/input_BTN-L.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/input_BTN-R.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/input_BTN-U.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/input_DPAD-D.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/input_DPAD-L.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/input_DPAD-R.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/input_DPAD-U.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/input_LB.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/input_LGUN.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/input_LT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/input_MOUSE.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/input_RB.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/input_RT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/input_SELECT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/input_START.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/input_STCK-D.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/input_STCK-L.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/input_STCK-P.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/input_STCK-R.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/input_STCK-U.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/input_TURBO.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/key-hover.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/key.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/lakka.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/loadstate.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/menu_achievements.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/menu_add.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/menu_apply_cog.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/menu_apply_toggle.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/menu_audio.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/menu_brightness.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/menu_check.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/menu_drivers.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/menu_exit.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/menu_frameskip.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/menu_help.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/menu_hourglass.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/menu_info.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/menu_latency.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/menu_log.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/menu_mixer.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/menu_network.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/menu_notifications.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/menu_osd.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/menu_overlay.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/menu_override.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/menu_pause.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/menu_playlist.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/menu_power.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/menu_privacy.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/menu_quickmenu.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/menu_record.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/menu_rewind.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/menu_room.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/menu_room_lan.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/menu_room_relay.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/menu_saving.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/menu_shutdown.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/menu_stream.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/menu_ui.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/menu_updater.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/menu_user.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/menu_video.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/menu_volume_max.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/menu_volume_med.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/menu_volume_min.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/menu_volume_mute.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/movie.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/movies.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/music.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/musics.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/netplay.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/off.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/on.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/pointer.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/reload.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/rename.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/resume.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/retroarch.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/run.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/savestate.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/screenshot.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/setting.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/settings.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/subsetting.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/undo.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/wifi.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/512/zip.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/1292 Advanced Programmable Video System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/1292 Advanced Programmable Video System.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/2048-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/2048.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/ACT - Apricot PC Xi-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/ACT - Apricot PC Xi.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/APF - Imagination Machine-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/APF - Imagination Machine.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/APF - MP-1000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/APF - MP-1000.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Acorn - Archimedes-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Acorn - Archimedes.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Acorn - Atom (Tapes)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Acorn - Atom (Tapes).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Acorn - Atom-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Acorn - Atom.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Acorn - BBC Micro-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Acorn - BBC Micro.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Acorn - Risc PC-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Acorn - Risc PC.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Acorn RISC OS - Flash Media-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Acorn RISC OS - Flash Media.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Amazon - Fire TV (2nd Gen).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Amazon - Fire TV (3rd Gen).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Amazon - Fire TV Cube.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Amazon - Fire TV-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Amazon - Fire TV.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Amazon - Luna-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Amazon - Luna.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Amstrad - CPC-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Amstrad - CPC.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Amstrad - GX4000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Amstrad - GX4000.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Analogue - Analogue Pocket W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Analogue - Analogue Pocket-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Analogue - Analogue Pocket.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Apple - I (Tapes)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Apple - I (Tapes).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Apple - I-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Apple - I.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Apple - II Plus-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Apple - II Plus.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Apple - II-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Apple - II.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Apple - IIGS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Apple - IIGS.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Apple - IIe-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Apple - IIe.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Apple - Macintosh (BETA)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Apple - Macintosh (BETA).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Apple - Macintosh-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Apple - Macintosh.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Apple-Bandai - Pippin K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Apple-Bandai - Pippin-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Apple-Bandai - Pippin.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Atari - 2600 637.75000.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Atari - 2600 CX2600A K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Atari - 2600 CX2600A.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Atari - 2600 CX2600JR.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Atari - 2600 CX2600JRA.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Atari - 2600 CX2600JRB.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Atari - 2600 CX2700.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Atari - 2600 Flashback 2.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Atari - 2600 Flashback.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Atari - 2600-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Atari - 2600.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Atari - 5200-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Atari - 5200.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Atari - 7800-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Atari - 7800.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Atari - 8-bit-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Atari - 8-bit.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Atari - Jaguar CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Atari - Jaguar CD.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Atari - Jaguar-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Atari - Jaguar.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Atari - Lynx PAG-0401.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Atari - Lynx-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Atari - Lynx.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Atari - Pong 25796.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Atari - Pong C-140.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Atari - Pong C-200.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Atari - Pong-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Atari - Pong.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Atari - ST (Tapes)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Atari - ST (Tapes).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Atari - ST-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Atari - ST.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Atari - VCS K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Atari - VCS O.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Atari - VCS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Atari - VCS.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Atari - XEGS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Atari - XEGS.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Atomiswave (alt)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Atomiswave (alt).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/BBC - Bridge Companion-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/BBC - Bridge Companion.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Bally - Astrocade-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Bally - Astrocade.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Bandai - Playdia-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Bandai - Playdia.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Bandai - Super Vision 8000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Bandai - Super Vision 8000.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Bandai - Terebikko-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Bandai - Terebikko.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Bandai - WonderSwan Color SCT-001 R.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Bandai - WonderSwan Color WSC-001 B.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Bandai - WonderSwan Color WSC-001 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Bandai - WonderSwan Color WSC-001 O.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Bandai - WonderSwan Color WSC-001 S.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Bandai - WonderSwan Color-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Bandai - WonderSwan Color.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Bandai - WonderSwan-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Bandai - WonderSwan.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Benesse - Pocket Challenge V2-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Benesse - Pocket Challenge V2.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Benesse - Pocket Challenge W-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Benesse - Pocket Challenge W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Bit Corporation - Gamate-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Bit Corporation - Gamate.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/CHIP-8-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/CHIP-8.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Cannonball-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Cannonball.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Capcom - CP System Changer.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Capcom - CP System I-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Capcom - CP System I.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Capcom - CP System II (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Capcom - CP System II-content (As).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Capcom - CP System II-content (B).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Capcom - CP System II-content (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Capcom - CP System II-content (Rental).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Capcom - CP System II-content (W).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Capcom - CP System II-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Capcom - CP System II.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Capcom - CP System III CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Capcom - CP System III-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Capcom - CP System III-content_combo.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Capcom - CP System III-content_mobo.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Capcom - CP System III.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Casio - Loopy-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Casio - Loopy.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Casio - PV-1000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Casio - PV-1000.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Cave Story-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Cave Story.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/ChaiLove-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/ChaiLove.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Coleco - ColecoVision ADAM-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Coleco - ColecoVision ADAM.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Coleco - ColecoVision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Coleco - ColecoVision.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Coleco - Telstar 6030.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Coleco - Telstar 6040.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Coleco - Telstar 6045.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Coleco - Telstar 6065.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Coleco - Telstar 6071.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Coleco - Telstar 6135.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Commodore - 64 (PP)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Commodore - 64 (PP).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Commodore - 64 (Tapes)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Commodore - 64 (Tapes).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Commodore - 64 64C.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Commodore - 64 Games System.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Commodore - 64-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Commodore - 64.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Commodore - Amiga-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Commodore - Amiga.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Commodore - CD32-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Commodore - CD32.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Commodore - CDTV-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Commodore - CDTV.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Commodore - Plus-4-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Commodore - Plus-4.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Commodore - VIC-20-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Commodore - VIC-20.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Connor - VideoSmarts-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Connor - VideoSmarts.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/DOOM-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/DOOM.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/DOS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/DOS.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Dinothawr-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Dinothawr.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Dungeon Crawl Stone Soup-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Dungeon Crawl Stone Soup.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Emerson - Arcadia 2001-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Emerson - Arcadia 2001.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Entex - Adventure Vision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Entex - Adventure Vision.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Entex - Select-A-Game-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Entex - Select-A-Game.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Epoch - Cassette Vision Jr.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Epoch - Cassette Vision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Epoch - Cassette Vision.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Epoch - Game Pocket Computer-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Epoch - Game Pocket Computer.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Epoch - Super Cassette Vision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Epoch - Super Cassette Vision.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Epoch - TV Tennis Electrotennis-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Epoch - TV Tennis Electrotennis.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/FBNeo - Arcade Games-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/FBNeo - Arcade Games.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/FFmpeg-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/FFmpeg.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Fairchild - Channel F System II.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Fairchild - Channel F-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Fairchild - Channel F.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Flashback-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Flashback.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Fujitsu - FM Towns Marty 2.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Fujitsu - FM Towns Marty-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Fujitsu - FM Towns Marty.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Fujitsu - FM Towns.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Fujitsu - FM-7.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Fujitsu - FMR50.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Fukutake Publishing - StudyBox HVC-101.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Fukutake Publishing - StudyBox-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Fukutake Publishing - StudyBox.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Funtech - Super Acan-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Funtech - Super Acan.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/GCE - Vectrex-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/GCE - Vectrex.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Gakken - Compact Vision TV Boy-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Gakken - Compact Vision TV Boy.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Game-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Game.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/GamePark - Caanoo.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/GamePark - GP2X F200.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/GamePark - GP2X Wiz.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/GamePark - GP2X.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/GamePark - GP32-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/GamePark - GP32.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Google - Nexus Player-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Google - Nexus Player.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Google - Stadia G.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Google - Stadia W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Google - Stadia-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Google - Stadia.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Handheld Electronic Game - Acclaim.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Handheld Electronic Game - M 2024.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Handheld Electronic Game - M 2937.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Handheld Electronic Game - M 2938.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Handheld Electronic Game - M 5171.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Handheld Electronic Game - M 5264.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Handheld Electronic Game - M 5409.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Handheld Electronic Game - M 5410.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Handheld Electronic Game - M 9879.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Handheld Electronic Game-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Handheld Electronic Game.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Hartung - Game Master-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Hartung - Game Master.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Interton - VC 4000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Interton - VC 4000.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Interton - Video 2000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Interton - Video 2000.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Konami - Picno-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Konami - Picno.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/LJN - Video Art.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/LeapFrog - LeapPad-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/LeapFrog - LeapPad.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/LeapFrog - Leapster Learning Game System 1 GS.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/LeapFrog - Leapster Learning Game System 1 PQ.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/LeapFrog - Leapster Learning Game System 2 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/LeapFrog - Leapster Learning Game System 2 PQ.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/LeapFrog - Leapster Learning Game System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/LeapFrog - Leapster Learning Game System.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/LeapFrog - My First LeapPad-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/LeapFrog - My First LeapPad.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Libretro - Pad.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Lutro-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Lutro.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/MAME 2000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/MAME 2000.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/MAME 2003-Plus-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/MAME 2003-Plus.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/MAME 2003-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/MAME 2003.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/MAME 2010-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/MAME 2010.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/MAME 2015-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/MAME 2015.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/MAME 2016-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/MAME 2016.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/MAME-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/MAME.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Magnavox - Odyssey 100.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Magnavox - Odyssey 200.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Magnavox - Odyssey 2000.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Magnavox - Odyssey 2001.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Magnavox - Odyssey 2100.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Magnavox - Odyssey 300.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Magnavox - Odyssey 3000.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Magnavox - Odyssey 400.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Magnavox - Odyssey 4000.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Magnavox - Odyssey 500.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Magnavox - Odyssey-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Magnavox - Odyssey.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Magnavox - Odyssey2-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Magnavox - Odyssey2.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Mattel - HyperScan Alt.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Mattel - HyperScan-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Mattel - HyperScan.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Mattel - Intellivision 3504.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Mattel - Intellivision 49-75011.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Mattel - Intellivision 58-100.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Mattel - Intellivision 5872.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Mattel - Intellivision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Mattel - Intellivision.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Microsoft - MSX CPC-50.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Microsoft - MSX-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Microsoft - MSX.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Microsoft - MSX2-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Microsoft - MSX2.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Microsoft - Xbox 360 (Digital)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Microsoft - Xbox 360 (Digital).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Microsoft - Xbox 360 E K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Microsoft - Xbox 360 E KT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Microsoft - Xbox 360 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Microsoft - Xbox 360 KT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Microsoft - Xbox 360 S K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Microsoft - Xbox 360 S KT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Microsoft - Xbox 360 S W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Microsoft - Xbox 360 S WT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Microsoft - Xbox 360 WT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Microsoft - Xbox 360-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Microsoft - Xbox 360.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Microsoft - Xbox G.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Microsoft - Xbox O.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Microsoft - Xbox One S W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Microsoft - Xbox One S WT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Microsoft - Xbox One X K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Microsoft - Xbox One-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Microsoft - Xbox One.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Microsoft - Xbox S.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Microsoft - Xbox Series S K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Microsoft - Xbox Series S W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Microsoft - Xbox Series S WT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Microsoft - Xbox Series X W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Microsoft - Xbox Series X-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Microsoft - Xbox Series X.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Microsoft - Xbox W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Microsoft - Xbox-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Microsoft - Xbox.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Milton Bradley - Microvision Alt.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Milton Bradley - Microvision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Milton Bradley - Microvision.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Minecraft-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Minecraft.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/MrBoom-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/MrBoom.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16 HES-EXP-01 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16 HES-TGX-01 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16 PI-TG2 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16 PI-TG3 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16 PI-TG7 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16 PI-TG9 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16-content (E).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16-content (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD AD-USA.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD CDR-30 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD HES-CDR-01 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD HES-DUO-01 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD PI-CD1 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD PI-TG8 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/NEC - PC Engine SuperGrafx-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/NEC - PC Engine SuperGrafx.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/NEC - PC-98-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/NEC - PC-98.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/NEC - PC-FX-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/NEC - PC-FX.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Neo Geo-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Neo Geo.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nichibutsu - My Vision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nichibutsu - My Vision.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Color TV-Game CTG-15S.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Color TV-Game CTG-15V.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Color TV-Game CTG-6S.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Color TV-Game CTG-6V.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Color TV-Game CTG-BK6.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Color TV-Game CTG-CR112.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Color TV-Game CTG-HC10.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Color TV-Game XG-106.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Color TV-Game XG-115.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Family Computer Disk System AN500B.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Family Computer Disk System AN500R.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Family Computer Disk System AN505BK.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Family Computer Disk System AN505RD.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Family Computer Disk System HVC-101.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Family Computer Disk System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Family Computer Disk System.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Game & Watch AC-01.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Game & Watch BU-201.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Game & Watch BX-301.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Game & Watch CJ-71.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Game & Watch CN-07.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Game & Watch DJ-101.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Game & Watch DK-52.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Game & Watch DM-53.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Game & Watch DR-802.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Game & Watch EG-26.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Game & Watch FL-02.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Game & Watch FP-24.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Game & Watch FR-27.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Game & Watch GH-54.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Game & Watch ID-29.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Game & Watch IP-05 G.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Game & Watch IP-05 P.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Game & Watch JR-55.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Game & Watch LN-08.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Game & Watch MC-25.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Game & Watch MH-06.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Game & Watch MN-06.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Game & Watch MT-03.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Game & Watch MV-64.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Game & Watch MW-56.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Game & Watch OC-22.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Game & Watch OP-51.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Game & Watch PB-59.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Game & Watch PG-74.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Game & Watch PP-23.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Game & Watch PR-21.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Game & Watch RC-04.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Game & Watch SM-91.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Game & Watch SP-30.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Game & Watch TL-28.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Game & Watch YM-801.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance (e-Reader)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance (e-Reader).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGB-001 B.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGB-001 G.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGB-001 GO.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGB-001 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGB-001 O.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGB-001 P.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGB-001 R.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGB-001 S.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGB-001 Y.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGS-001 B.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGS-001 HVC1.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGS-001 HVC2.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGS-001 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGS-001 NES.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGS-001 S.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGS-101 B.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGS-101 GO.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGS-101 R.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance OXY-001 HVC.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance OXY-001 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance OXY-001 S.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Game Boy Color CGB-001 G.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Game Boy Color CGB-001 P.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Game Boy Color CGB-001 Q.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Game Boy Color CGB-001 Y.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Game Boy Color-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Game Boy Color.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Game Boy DMG-001 B.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Game Boy DMG-001 G.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Game Boy DMG-001 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Game Boy DMG-001 P.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Game Boy DMG-001 R.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Game Boy DMG-001 W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Game Boy DMG-001 Y.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Game Boy MGB-001 A.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Game Boy MGB-001 B.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Game Boy MGB-001 DMG.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Game Boy MGB-001 G.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Game Boy MGB-001 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Game Boy MGB-001 P.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Game Boy MGB-001 R.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Game Boy MGB-001 S.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Game Boy MGB-001 Y.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Game Boy MGB-101 G.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Game Boy MGB-101 S.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Game Boy-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Game Boy.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - GameCube DOL-001 G.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - GameCube DOL-001 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - GameCube DOL-001 O.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - GameCube DOL-001 R.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - GameCube DOL-001 S.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - GameCube DOL-001 W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - GameCube SL-GC10.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - GameCube-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - GameCube.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS JAN-001 KA.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS JAN-001 KG.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS JAN-001 WO.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS JAN-001 WP.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS KTR-001 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS KTR-001 W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS RED-001 W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (DLC)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (DLC).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (Digital)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (Digital).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS CTR-001 A.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS CTR-001 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS CTR-001 Q.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS CTR-001 R.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS CTR-001 W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS FTR-001 BK.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS FTR-001 KB.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS FTR-001 KR.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS FTR-001 RK.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS SPR-001 W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Nintendo 64 NUS-001 A.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Nintendo 64 NUS-001 B.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Nintendo 64 NUS-001 G.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Nintendo 64 NUS-001 H.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Nintendo 64 NUS-001 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Nintendo 64 NUS-001 O.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Nintendo 64 NUS-001 P.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Nintendo 64 NUS-001 Q.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Nintendo 64-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Nintendo 64.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Nintendo 64DD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Nintendo 64DD.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Nintendo DS (Download Play)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Nintendo DS (Download Play).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Nintendo DS Decrypted-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Nintendo DS Decrypted.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Nintendo DS NTR-001 B.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Nintendo DS NTR-001 R.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Nintendo DS NTR-001 S.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Nintendo DS USG-001 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Nintendo DS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Nintendo DS.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi (DLC)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi (DLC).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi Decrypted-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi Decrypted.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi TWL-001 A.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi TWL-001 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi TWL-001 P.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi TWL-001 W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi UTL-001 B.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi UTL-001 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi UTL-001 R.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System HVC-001.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System HVC-101.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System NES-101.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System RET-AVS.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System-content (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Pokemon Mini MIN-001 G.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Pokemon Mini MIN-001 Q.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Pokemon Mini-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Pokemon Mini.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Satellaview-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Satellaview.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Sufami Turbo SHVC-101.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Sufami Turbo SNS-001.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Sufami Turbo SNS-101.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Sufami Turbo-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Sufami Turbo.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System SHVC-101.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System SNS-001.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System SNS-101.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System SNSP-001.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System SNt Classic.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System SNt SF.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System-content (1) (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System-content (2) (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System-content (E).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Switch HAC-001 B.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Switch HAC-001 BK.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Switch HAC-001 BR.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Switch HAC-001 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Switch HAC-001 KB.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Switch HAC-001 KR.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Switch HAC-001 R.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Switch HAC-001 RB.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Switch HAC-001 RK.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Switch HAC-001 Y.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Switch HAC-001.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Switch HAC-007 BR.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Switch HAC-007 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Switch HAC-007 KT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Switch HAC-007 R.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Switch HAC-007 Y.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Switch HAC-007.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Switch HDH-001 G.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Switch HDH-001 Y.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Switch HDH-001.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Switch-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Switch.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Virtual Boy T.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Virtual Boy-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Virtual Boy.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Wii (Digital)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Wii (Digital).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Wii RVL-001 B.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Wii RVL-001 BT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Wii RVL-001 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Wii RVL-001 KT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Wii RVL-001 R.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Wii RVL-001 RT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Wii RVL-001 WT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Wii RVL-201.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Wii U WUP-001 KT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Wii U WUP-001 W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Wii U WUP-001 WT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Wii U-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Wii U.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Wii-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - Wii.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - e-Reader-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nintendo - e-Reader.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nokia - N-Gage QD.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nokia - N-Gage-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nokia - N-Gage.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Nvidia - Shield TV.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Ouya - Ouya.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/PC-50X - Palladium Tele Cassetten Game 825-530.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/PC-50X - Palladium Tele Cassetten Game 825-581.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/PC-50X - SHG Black Point FS-1003.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Philips - CD-i-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Philips - CD-i.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Philips - Tele-Game ES-2203.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Philips - Tele-Game.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Philips - Videopac+-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Philips - Videopac+.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Pioneer - LaserActive.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Pioneer - Laseractive-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/PlayJam - Game Stick.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Quake II-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Quake II.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Quake III-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Quake III.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Quake-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Quake.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/RCA - Studio II-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/RCA - Studio II.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/RPG Maker-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/RPG Maker.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Rick Dangerous-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Rick Dangerous.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/SNK - Neo Geo CD Tray.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/SNK - Neo Geo CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/SNK - Neo Geo CD.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/SNK - Neo Geo CDZ.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/SNK - Neo Geo Mini.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket Color-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket Color.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket S.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/SNK - Neo Geo X-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/SNK - Neo Geo X.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/SNK - Neo Geo-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/SNK - Neo Geo.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/SSD - Xavixport-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/SSD - Xavixport.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sanyo - MBC-550-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sanyo - MBC-550.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/ScummVM-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/ScummVM.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sega - 32X HAA-2502-84000 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sega - 32X HAA-2510-84000 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sega - 32X MK-1601-84000 (E).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sega - 32X MK-1601-84000 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sega - 32X MK-1631-84000 (E).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sega - 32X Neptune (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sega - 32X-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sega - 32X.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sega - Beena-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sega - Beena.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sega - Chihiro-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sega - Chihiro.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sega - Dreamcast B.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sega - Dreamcast H.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sega - Dreamcast K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sega - Dreamcast-content (E).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sega - Dreamcast-content (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sega - Dreamcast-content (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sega - Dreamcast-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sega - Dreamcast.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sega - Game Gear A.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sega - Game Gear B.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sega - Game Gear Q.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sega - Game Gear R.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sega - Game Gear S.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sega - Game Gear W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sega - Game Gear Y.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sega - Game Gear-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sega - Game Gear.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sega - Master System - Mark III MK-3006.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sega - Master System - Mark III SG-1000M3 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sega - Master System - Mark III-content (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sega - Master System - Mark III-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sega - Master System - Mark III.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis HAA-2502 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis HAA-2510 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis HMJ-0300 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis MK-1461 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis MK-1601 (E).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis MK-1631 (E).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis MK-1631 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis MK-6100 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis MSg-EU.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis MSg-JP.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis MSg-USA.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis-content (E).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis-content (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis-content (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD HAA-2502-2912 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD HAA-2510-2910 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD HAA-2510-2912 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD MK-1601-1690 (E).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD MK-1601-1690 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD MK-1601-4102 (E).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD MK-1601-4102 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD MK-1631-4102 (E).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD MK-1631-4102 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD RG-M1 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD RG-M2 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sega - PICO-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sega - PICO.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sega - SG-1000 II.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sega - SG-1000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sega - SG-1000.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sega - Saturn HST-3200 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sega - Saturn MK-80000 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sega - Saturn MK-80000A (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sega - Saturn Pluto (U).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sega - Saturn-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sega - Saturn.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sega - VMU.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sega - Video Driver-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sega - Video Driver.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sharp - X68000 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sharp - X68000 KT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sharp - X68000 ST.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sharp - X68000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sharp - X68000.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sinclair - ZX 81-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sinclair - ZX 81.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sinclair - ZX Spectrum +3-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sinclair - ZX Spectrum +3.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sinclair - ZX Spectrum-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sinclair - ZX Spectrum.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation (PocketStation) K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation (PocketStation).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation 2 PSX-5000.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation 2 PSX-5100.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation 2 SCPH-10000.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation 2 SCPH-70000 T.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation 2 SCPH-70000.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation 2 SCPH-90000 T.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation 2 SCPH-90000.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation 2-content CD.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation 2-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation 2.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation 3 (DLC)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation 3 (DLC).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation 3 (Downloadable)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation 3 (Downloadable).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation 3 (PSN)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation 3 (PSN).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation 3-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation 4 CUH-1000 KT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation 4 CUH-1000 S.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation 4 CUH-1000 ST.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation 4 CUH-1000 W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation 4 CUH-1000 WT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation 4 CUH-2000 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation 4 CUH-2000 KT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation 4 CUH-2000 W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation 4 CUH-2000 WT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation 4 CUH-7000 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation 4 CUH-7000 KT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation 4-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation 4.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation 5 T.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation 5 WT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation 5-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation 5.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation DTL-H1000.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation DTL-H1200.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation DTL-H3000.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation Portable (DLC)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation Portable (DLC).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation Portable (PSN)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation Portable (PSN).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation Portable (PSX2PSP)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation Portable (PSX2PSP).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation Portable (UMD Music)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation Portable (UMD Music).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation Portable (UMD Video)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation Portable (UMD Video).png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation Portable PSP-2000 B.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation Portable PSP-2000 H.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation Portable PSP-2000 R.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation Portable PSP-2000 S.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation Portable PSP-2000 W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation Portable PSP-E1000 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation Portable PSP-E1000 W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation Portable PSP-N1000 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation Portable PSP-N1000 W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation Portable-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation Portable.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation SCPH-100-131 Flat.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation SCPH-100-131.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation SCPH-100.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation Vita PCH-1000 B.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation Vita PCH-1000 R.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation Vita PCH-1000 W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation Vita PCH-2000 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation Vita PCH-2000 W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation Vita VTE-1000 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation Vita VTE-1000 W.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation Vita-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation Vita.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sony - PlayStation.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sony - Playstation 3 CECH-2000 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sony - Playstation 3 CECH-2000 KT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sony - Playstation 3 CECH-4000 K.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sony - Playstation 3 CECH-4000 KT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sony - Playstation 3 CECHA00 KT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Sony - Playstation 3.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Spectravideo - SV 328.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Spectravideo - SVI-318 - SVI-328-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Spectravideo - SVI-318 - SVI-328.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/TIC-80-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/TIC-80.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Taito - Egret II Mini.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Taito - Egret II.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Takara - Video Challenger-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Takara - Video Challenger.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Tandy - Video Information System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Tandy - Video Information System.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Tapwave - Zodiac-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Tapwave - Zodiac.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Texas Instruments - TI-99-4A.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/The 3DO Company - 3DO FZ-10.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/The 3DO Company - 3DO GDO-101.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/The 3DO Company - 3DO GDO-203P.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/The 3DO Company - 3DO IMP-21J.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/The 3DO Company - 3DO-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/The 3DO Company - 3DO.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Thomson - MOTO Cartridge.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Thomson - MOTO TO8.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Thomson - MOTO TO8D.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Thomson - MOTO-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Thomson - MOTO.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Tiger - Game.com Pocket Pro.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Tiger - Game.com-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Tiger - Game.com.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Tiger - Gizmondo-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Tiger - Gizmondo.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Tomb Raider-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Tomb Raider.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Tomy - Tutor-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Tomy - Tutor.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Umtech - VideoBrain-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Umtech - VideoBrain.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Unisonic - Champion 2711-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Unisonic - Champion 2711.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Uzebox-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Uzebox.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/VM Labs - NUON-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/VM Labs - NUON.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/VTech - 3D Gamate-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/VTech - 3D Gamate.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/VTech - CreatiVision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/VTech - CreatiVision.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/VTech - Socrates Alt.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/VTech - Socrates-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/VTech - Socrates.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/VTech - V.Flash-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/VTech - V.Flash.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/VTech - V.Smile P.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/VTech - V.Smile-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/VTech - V.Smile.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Valve - Steam Link.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/View-Master - Interactive Vision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/View-Master - Interactive Vision.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Watara - Supervision Original.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Watara - Supervision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Watara - Supervision.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Welback - Mega Duck-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Welback - Mega Duck.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Worlds of Wonder - Action Max-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Worlds of Wonder - Action Max.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Yamaha - Copera-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Yamaha - Copera.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/ZAPiT - Game Wave-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/ZAPiT - Game Wave.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/Zeebo - Zeebo.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/achievement-list.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/add-favorite.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/add.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/arrow.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/battery-20.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/battery-40.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/battery-60.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/battery-80.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/battery-charging.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/battery-full.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/bluetooth.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/clock.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/close.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/core-cheat-options.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/core-disk-options.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/core-infos.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/core-input-remapping-options.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/core-options.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/core-shader-options.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/core.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/cursor.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/database.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/default-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/default.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/dialog-slice.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/favorites-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/favorites.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/file.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/folder.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/history.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/iQue - iQue-content.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/iQue - iQue.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/image.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/images.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/input_ADC.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/input_BIND_ALL.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/input_BTN-D.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/input_BTN-L.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/input_BTN-R.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/input_BTN-U.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/input_DPAD-D.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/input_DPAD-L.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/input_DPAD-R.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/input_DPAD-U.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/input_LB.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/input_LGUN.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/input_LT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/input_MOUSE.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/input_RB.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/input_RT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/input_SELECT.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/input_START.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/input_STCK-D.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/input_STCK-L.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/input_STCK-P.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/input_STCK-R.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/input_STCK-U.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/input_TURBO.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/key-hover.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/key.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/lakka.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/loadstate.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/menu_achievements.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/menu_add.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/menu_apply_cog.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/menu_apply_toggle.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/menu_audio.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/menu_brightness.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/menu_check.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/menu_drivers.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/menu_exit.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/menu_frameskip.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/menu_help.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/menu_hourglass.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/menu_info.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/menu_latency.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/menu_log.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/menu_mixer.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/menu_network.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/menu_notifications.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/menu_osd.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/menu_overlay.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/menu_override.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/menu_pause.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/menu_playlist.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/menu_power.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/menu_privacy.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/menu_quickmenu.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/menu_record.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/menu_rewind.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/menu_room.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/menu_room_lan.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/menu_room_relay.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/menu_saving.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/menu_shutdown.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/menu_stream.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/menu_ui.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/menu_updater.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/menu_user.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/menu_video.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/menu_volume_max.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/menu_volume_med.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/menu_volume_min.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/menu_volume_mute.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/movie.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/movies.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/music.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/musics.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/netplay.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/off.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/on.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/pointer.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/reload.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/rename.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/resume.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/retroarch.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/run.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/savestate.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/screenshot.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/setting.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/settings.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/subsetting.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/undo.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/wifi.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/png/64/zip.png
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/icons/xmb/sample.txt
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/backgrounds/bg.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/1292 Advanced Programmable Video System-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/1292 Advanced Programmable Video System.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/2048-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/2048.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/ACT - Apricot PC Xi-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/ACT - Apricot PC Xi.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/APF - Imagination Machine-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/APF - Imagination Machine.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/APF - MP-1000-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/APF - MP-1000.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Acorn - Archimedes-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Acorn - Archimedes.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Acorn - Atom (Tapes)-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Acorn - Atom (Tapes).svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Acorn - Atom-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Acorn - Atom.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Acorn - BBC Micro-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Acorn - BBC Micro.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Acorn - Risc PC-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Acorn - Risc PC.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Acorn RISC OS - Flash Media-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Acorn RISC OS - Flash Media.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Amazon - Fire TV (2nd Gen).svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Amazon - Fire TV (3rd Gen).svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Amazon - Fire TV Cube.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Amazon - Fire TV-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Amazon - Fire TV.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Amazon - Luna-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Amazon - Luna.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Amstrad - CPC-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Amstrad - CPC.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Amstrad - GX4000-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Amstrad - GX4000.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Analogue - Analogue Pocket W.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Analogue - Analogue Pocket-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Analogue - Analogue Pocket.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Apple - I (Tapes)-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Apple - I (Tapes).svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Apple - I-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Apple - I.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Apple - II Plus-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Apple - II Plus.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Apple - II-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Apple - II.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Apple - IIGS-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Apple - IIGS.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Apple - IIe-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Apple - IIe.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Apple - Macintosh (BETA)-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Apple - Macintosh (BETA).svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Apple - Macintosh-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Apple - Macintosh.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Apple-Bandai - Pippin K.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Apple-Bandai - Pippin-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Apple-Bandai - Pippin.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Arduboy Inc - Arduboy-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Arduboy Inc - Arduboy.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Atari - 2600 637.75000.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Atari - 2600 CX2600A K.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Atari - 2600 CX2600A.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Atari - 2600 CX2600JR.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Atari - 2600 CX2600JRA.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Atari - 2600 CX2600JRB.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Atari - 2600 CX2700.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Atari - 2600 Flashback 2.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Atari - 2600 Flashback.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Atari - 2600-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Atari - 2600.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Atari - 5200-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Atari - 5200.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Atari - 7800-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Atari - 7800.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Atari - 8-bit-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Atari - 8-bit.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Atari - Jaguar CD-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Atari - Jaguar CD.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Atari - Jaguar-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Atari - Jaguar.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Atari - Lynx PAG-0401.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Atari - Lynx-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Atari - Lynx.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Atari - Pong 25796.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Atari - Pong C-140.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Atari - Pong C-200.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Atari - Pong-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Atari - Pong.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Atari - ST (Tapes)-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Atari - ST (Tapes).svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Atari - ST-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Atari - ST.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Atari - VCS K.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Atari - VCS O.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Atari - VCS-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Atari - VCS.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Atari - XEGS-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Atari - XEGS.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Atomiswave (alt)-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Atomiswave (alt).svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Atomiswave-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Atomiswave.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/BBC - Bridge Companion-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/BBC - Bridge Companion.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Bally - Astrocade (Tapes)-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Bally - Astrocade (Tapes).svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Bally - Astrocade-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Bally - Astrocade.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Bandai - Design Master Denshi Mangajuku-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Bandai - Design Master Denshi Mangajuku.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Bandai - Gundam RX-78-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Bandai - Gundam RX-78.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Bandai - Playdia-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Bandai - Playdia.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Bandai - Super Vision 8000-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Bandai - Super Vision 8000.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Bandai - Terebikko-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Bandai - Terebikko.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Bandai - WonderSwan Color SCT-001 R.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Bandai - WonderSwan Color WSC-001 B.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Bandai - WonderSwan Color WSC-001 K.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Bandai - WonderSwan Color WSC-001 O.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Bandai - WonderSwan Color WSC-001 S.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Bandai - WonderSwan Color-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Bandai - WonderSwan Color.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Bandai - WonderSwan-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Bandai - WonderSwan.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Benesse - Pocket Challenge V2-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Benesse - Pocket Challenge V2.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Benesse - Pocket Challenge W-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Benesse - Pocket Challenge W.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Bit Corporation - Gamate-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Bit Corporation - Gamate.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/CHIP-8-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/CHIP-8.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Cannonball-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Cannonball.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Capcom - CP System Changer.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Capcom - CP System I-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Capcom - CP System I.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Capcom - CP System II (J).svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Capcom - CP System II-content (As).svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Capcom - CP System II-content (B).svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Capcom - CP System II-content (J).svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Capcom - CP System II-content (Rental).svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Capcom - CP System II-content (W).svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Capcom - CP System II-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Capcom - CP System II.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Capcom - CP System III CD-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Capcom - CP System III-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Capcom - CP System III-content_combo.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Capcom - CP System III-content_mobo.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Capcom - CP System III.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Casio - Loopy-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Casio - Loopy.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Casio - PV-1000-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Casio - PV-1000.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Cave Story-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Cave Story.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/ChaiLove-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/ChaiLove.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Coleco - ColecoVision ADAM-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Coleco - ColecoVision ADAM.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Coleco - ColecoVision-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Coleco - ColecoVision.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Coleco - Telstar 6030.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Coleco - Telstar 6040.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Coleco - Telstar 6045.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Coleco - Telstar 6065.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Coleco - Telstar 6071.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Coleco - Telstar 6135.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Commodore - 128-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Commodore - 128.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Commodore - 64 (PP)-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Commodore - 64 (PP).svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Commodore - 64 (Tapes)-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Commodore - 64 (Tapes).svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Commodore - 64 64C.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Commodore - 64 Games System.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Commodore - 64-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Commodore - 64.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Commodore - Amiga-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Commodore - Amiga.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Commodore - CD32-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Commodore - CD32.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Commodore - CDTV-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Commodore - CDTV.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Commodore - PET-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Commodore - PET.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Commodore - Plus-4-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Commodore - Plus-4.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Commodore - VIC-20-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Commodore - VIC-20.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Connor - VideoSmarts-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Connor - VideoSmarts.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/DOOM-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/DOOM.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/DOS-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/DOS.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Digital Media Cartridge - Firecore Portable 2.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Digital Media Cartridge - Firecore-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Digital Media Cartridge - Firecore.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Dinothawr-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Dinothawr.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Dungeon Crawl Stone Soup-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Dungeon Crawl Stone Soup.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Emerson - Arcadia 2001-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Emerson - Arcadia 2001.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Entex - Adventure Vision-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Entex - Adventure Vision.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Entex - Select-A-Game-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Entex - Select-A-Game.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Epoch - Cassette Vision Jr.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Epoch - Cassette Vision-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Epoch - Cassette Vision.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Epoch - Game Pocket Computer-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Epoch - Game Pocket Computer.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Epoch - Super Cassette Vision-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Epoch - Super Cassette Vision.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Epoch - TV Tennis Electrotennis-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Epoch - TV Tennis Electrotennis.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/FBNeo - Arcade Games-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/FBNeo - Arcade Games.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/FFmpeg-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/FFmpeg.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Fairchild - Channel F System II.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Fairchild - Channel F-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Fairchild - Channel F.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Flashback-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Flashback.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Fujitsu - FM Towns Marty 2.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Fujitsu - FM Towns Marty-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Fujitsu - FM Towns Marty.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Fujitsu - FM Towns-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Fujitsu - FM Towns.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Fujitsu - FM-7 (Tapes)-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Fujitsu - FM-7 (Tapes).svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Fujitsu - FM-7-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Fujitsu - FM-7.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Fujitsu - FMR50.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Fukutake Publishing - StudyBox HVC-101.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Fukutake Publishing - StudyBox-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Fukutake Publishing - StudyBox.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Funtech - Super Acan-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Funtech - Super Acan.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/GCE - Vectrex-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/GCE - Vectrex.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Gakken - Compact Vision TV Boy-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Gakken - Compact Vision TV Boy.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Game-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Game.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/GamePark - Caanoo.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/GamePark - GP2X (Digital)-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/GamePark - GP2X (Digital).svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/GamePark - GP2X F200.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/GamePark - GP2X Wiz.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/GamePark - GP2X-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/GamePark - GP2X.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/GamePark - GP32-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/GamePark - GP32.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Google - Nexus Player-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Google - Nexus Player.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Google - Stadia G.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Google - Stadia W.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Google - Stadia-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Google - Stadia.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/HBMAME-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/HBMAME.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Handheld Electronic Game - Acclaim.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Handheld Electronic Game - M 2024.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Handheld Electronic Game - M 2937.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Handheld Electronic Game - M 2938.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Handheld Electronic Game - M 5171.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Handheld Electronic Game - M 5264.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Handheld Electronic Game - M 5409.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Handheld Electronic Game - M 5410.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Handheld Electronic Game - M 9879.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Handheld Electronic Game-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Handheld Electronic Game.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Hartung - Game Master-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Hartung - Game Master.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Hitachi - S1-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Hitachi - S1.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Infocom - Z-Machine-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Infocom - Z-Machine.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Intellivision - Amico H.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Intellivision - Amico K.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Intellivision - Amico Q.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Intellivision - Amico R.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Intellivision - Amico-content (SD).svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Intellivision - Amico-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Intellivision - Amico.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Interton - VC 4000-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Interton - VC 4000.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Interton - Video 2000-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Interton - Video 2000.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Jump 'n Bump-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Jump 'n Bump.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Konami - Picno-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Konami - Picno.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/LJN - Video Art.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/LeapFrog - Explorer P.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/LeapFrog - Explorer-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/LeapFrog - Explorer.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/LeapFrog - LeapPad-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/LeapFrog - LeapPad.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/LeapFrog - Leapster Learning Game System 1 GS.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/LeapFrog - Leapster Learning Game System 1 PQ.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/LeapFrog - Leapster Learning Game System 2 K.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/LeapFrog - Leapster Learning Game System 2 PQ.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/LeapFrog - Leapster Learning Game System-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/LeapFrog - Leapster Learning Game System.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/LeapFrog - My First LeapPad-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/LeapFrog - My First LeapPad.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Libretro - Pad.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/LowRes NX (Alt).svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/LowRes NX-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/LowRes NX.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Lutro-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Lutro.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Luxor - ABC 800-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Luxor - ABC 800.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/MAME 2000-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/MAME 2000.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/MAME 2003-Plus-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/MAME 2003-Plus.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/MAME 2003-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/MAME 2003.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/MAME 2010-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/MAME 2010.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/MAME 2015-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/MAME 2015.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/MAME 2016-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/MAME 2016.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/MAME-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/MAME.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Magnavox - Odyssey 100.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Magnavox - Odyssey 200.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Magnavox - Odyssey 2000.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Magnavox - Odyssey 2001.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Magnavox - Odyssey 2100.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Magnavox - Odyssey 300.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Magnavox - Odyssey 3000.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Magnavox - Odyssey 400.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Magnavox - Odyssey 4000.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Magnavox - Odyssey 500.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Magnavox - Odyssey-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Magnavox - Odyssey.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Magnavox - Odyssey2-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Magnavox - Odyssey2.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Mattel - HyperScan Alt.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Mattel - HyperScan-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Mattel - HyperScan.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Mattel - Intellivision 3504.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Mattel - Intellivision 49-75011.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Mattel - Intellivision 58-100.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Mattel - Intellivision 5872.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Mattel - Intellivision-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Mattel - Intellivision.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/MicroW8-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/MicroW8.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Microsoft - MSX CPC-50.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Microsoft - MSX CPC-50A.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Microsoft - MSX CPC-50B P.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Microsoft - MSX CPC-50B.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Microsoft - MSX-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Microsoft - MSX.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Microsoft - MSX2-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Microsoft - MSX2.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Microsoft - Xbox 360 (Digital)-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Microsoft - Xbox 360 (Digital).svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Microsoft - Xbox 360 E K.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Microsoft - Xbox 360 E KT.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Microsoft - Xbox 360 K.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Microsoft - Xbox 360 KT.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Microsoft - Xbox 360 S K.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Microsoft - Xbox 360 S KT.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Microsoft - Xbox 360 S W.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Microsoft - Xbox 360 S WT.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Microsoft - Xbox 360 WT.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Microsoft - Xbox 360-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Microsoft - Xbox 360.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Microsoft - Xbox G.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Microsoft - Xbox O.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Microsoft - Xbox One S W.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Microsoft - Xbox One S WT.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Microsoft - Xbox One X K.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Microsoft - Xbox One-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Microsoft - Xbox One.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Microsoft - Xbox S.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Microsoft - Xbox Series S K.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Microsoft - Xbox Series S W.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Microsoft - Xbox Series S WT.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Microsoft - Xbox Series X W.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Microsoft - Xbox Series X-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Microsoft - Xbox Series X.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Microsoft - Xbox W.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Microsoft - Xbox-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Microsoft - Xbox.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Milton Bradley - Microvision Alt.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Milton Bradley - Microvision-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Milton Bradley - Microvision.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Minecraft-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Minecraft.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/MrBoom-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/MrBoom.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16 HES-EXP-01 (U).svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16 HES-TGX-01 (U).svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16 PI-TG2 (J).svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16 PI-TG3 (J).svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16 PI-TG7 (J).svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16 PI-TG9 (J).svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16-content (E).svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16-content (U).svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD AD-USA.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD CDR-30 (J).svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD HES-CDR-01 (U).svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD HES-DUO-01 (U).svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD PI-CD1 (J).svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD PI-TG8 (J).svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/NEC - PC Engine SuperGrafx-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/NEC - PC Engine SuperGrafx.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/NEC - PC-98-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/NEC - PC-98.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/NEC - PC-FX-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/NEC - PC-FX.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Neo Geo-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Neo Geo.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nichibutsu - My Vision-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nichibutsu - My Vision.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Color TV-Game CTG-15S.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Color TV-Game CTG-15V.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Color TV-Game CTG-6S.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Color TV-Game CTG-6V.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Color TV-Game CTG-BK6.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Color TV-Game CTG-CR112.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Color TV-Game CTG-HC10.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Color TV-Game XG-106.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Color TV-Game XG-115.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Family Computer Disk System AN500B.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Family Computer Disk System AN500R.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Family Computer Disk System AN505BK.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Family Computer Disk System AN505RD.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Family Computer Disk System HVC-101.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Family Computer Disk System-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Family Computer Disk System.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Game & Watch AC-01.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Game & Watch BU-201.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Game & Watch BX-301.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Game & Watch CJ-71.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Game & Watch CN-07.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Game & Watch DJ-101.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Game & Watch DK-52.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Game & Watch DM-53.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Game & Watch DR-802.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Game & Watch EG-26.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Game & Watch FL-02.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Game & Watch FP-24.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Game & Watch FR-27.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Game & Watch GH-54.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Game & Watch ID-29.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Game & Watch IP-05 G.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Game & Watch IP-05 P.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Game & Watch JR-55.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Game & Watch LN-08.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Game & Watch MC-25.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Game & Watch MH-06.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Game & Watch MN-06.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Game & Watch MT-03.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Game & Watch MV-64.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Game & Watch MW-56.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Game & Watch OC-22.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Game & Watch OP-51.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Game & Watch PB-59.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Game & Watch PG-74.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Game & Watch PP-23.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Game & Watch PR-21.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Game & Watch RC-04.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Game & Watch SM-91.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Game & Watch SP-30.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Game & Watch TL-28.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Game & Watch YM-801.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance (e-Reader)-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance (e-Reader).svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGB-001 B.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGB-001 G.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGB-001 GO.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGB-001 K.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGB-001 O.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGB-001 P.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGB-001 R.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGB-001 S.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGB-001 Y.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGS-001 B.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGS-001 HVC1.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGS-001 HVC2.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGS-001 K.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGS-001 NES.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGS-001 S.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGS-101 B.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGS-101 GO.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGS-101 R.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance OXY-001 HVC.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance OXY-001 K.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance OXY-001 S.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Game Boy Color CGB-001 G.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Game Boy Color CGB-001 P.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Game Boy Color CGB-001 Q.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Game Boy Color CGB-001 Y.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Game Boy Color-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Game Boy Color.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Game Boy DMG-001 B.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Game Boy DMG-001 G.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Game Boy DMG-001 K.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Game Boy DMG-001 P.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Game Boy DMG-001 R.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Game Boy DMG-001 W.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Game Boy DMG-001 Y.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Game Boy MGB-001 A.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Game Boy MGB-001 B.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Game Boy MGB-001 DMG.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Game Boy MGB-001 G.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Game Boy MGB-001 K.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Game Boy MGB-001 P.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Game Boy MGB-001 R.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Game Boy MGB-001 S.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Game Boy MGB-001 Y.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Game Boy MGB-101 G.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Game Boy MGB-101 S.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Game Boy-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Game Boy.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - GameCube DOL-001 G.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - GameCube DOL-001 K.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - GameCube DOL-001 O.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - GameCube DOL-001 R.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - GameCube DOL-001 S.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - GameCube DOL-001 W.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - GameCube DOT-001.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - GameCube DOT-002.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - GameCube SL-GC10.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - GameCube-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - GameCube.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS JAN-001 KA.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS JAN-001 KG.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS JAN-001 WO.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS JAN-001 WP.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS KTR-001 K.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS KTR-001 W.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS RED-001 W.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (DLC)-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (DLC).svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (Digital)-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (Digital).svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS CTR-001 A.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS CTR-001 K.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS CTR-001 Q.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS CTR-001 R.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS CTR-001 W.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS FTR-001 BK.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS FTR-001 KB.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS FTR-001 KR.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS FTR-001 RK.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS SPR-001 W.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Nintendo 64 NUS-001 A.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Nintendo 64 NUS-001 B.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Nintendo 64 NUS-001 G.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Nintendo 64 NUS-001 H.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Nintendo 64 NUS-001 K.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Nintendo 64 NUS-001 O.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Nintendo 64 NUS-001 P.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Nintendo 64 NUS-001 Q.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Nintendo 64-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Nintendo 64.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Nintendo 64DD-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Nintendo 64DD.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Nintendo DS (Download Play)-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Nintendo DS (Download Play).svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Nintendo DS Decrypted-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Nintendo DS Decrypted.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Nintendo DS NTR-001 B.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Nintendo DS NTR-001 R.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Nintendo DS NTR-001 S.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Nintendo DS USG-001 K.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Nintendo DS-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Nintendo DS.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi (DLC)-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi (DLC).svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi Decrypted-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi Decrypted.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi TWL-001 A.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi TWL-001 K.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi TWL-001 P.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi TWL-001 W.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi UTL-001 B.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi UTL-001 K.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi UTL-001 R.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System HVC-001.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System HVC-101.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System NES-101.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System RET-AVS.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System-content (J).svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Pokemon Mini MIN-001 G.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Pokemon Mini MIN-001 Q.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Pokemon Mini-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Pokemon Mini.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Satellaview-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Satellaview.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Sufami Turbo SHVC-101.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Sufami Turbo SNS-001.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Sufami Turbo SNS-101.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Sufami Turbo-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Sufami Turbo.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System SHVC-101.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System SNS-001.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System SNS-101.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System SNSP-001.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System SNt Classic.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System SNt SF.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System-content (1) (U).svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System-content (2) (U).svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System-content (E).svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Switch HAC-001 B.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Switch HAC-001 BK.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Switch HAC-001 BR.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Switch HAC-001 K.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Switch HAC-001 KB.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Switch HAC-001 KR.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Switch HAC-001 R.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Switch HAC-001 RB.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Switch HAC-001 RK.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Switch HAC-001 Y.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Switch HAC-001.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Switch HAC-007 BR.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Switch HAC-007 K.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Switch HAC-007 KT.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Switch HAC-007 R.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Switch HAC-007 Y.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Switch HAC-007.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Switch HDH-001 B.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Switch HDH-001 G.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Switch HDH-001 P.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Switch HDH-001 Y.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Switch HDH-001.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Switch HEG-001 BR.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Switch HEG-001 W.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Switch HEG-007.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Switch-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Switch.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Virtual Boy T.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Virtual Boy-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Virtual Boy.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Wii (Digital)-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Wii (Digital).svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Wii RVL-001 B.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Wii RVL-001 BT.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Wii RVL-001 K.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Wii RVL-001 KT.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Wii RVL-001 R.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Wii RVL-001 RT.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Wii RVL-001 WT.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Wii RVL-201.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Wii U WUP-001 KT.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Wii U WUP-001 W.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Wii U WUP-001 WT.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Wii U-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Wii U.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Wii-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - Wii.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - e-Reader-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nintendo - e-Reader.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nokia - N-Gage QD.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nokia - N-Gage-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nokia - N-Gage.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nvidia - Shield Portable-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nvidia - Shield Portable.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nvidia - Shield TV P3430.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Nvidia - Shield TV.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Ouya - Ouya.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/PC-50X - Palladium Tele Cassetten Game 825-530.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/PC-50X - Palladium Tele Cassetten Game 825-581.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/PC-50X - SHG Black Point FS-1003.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Palmtex - Super Micro-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Palmtex - Super Micro.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Panic - Playdate.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Philips - CD-i-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Philips - CD-i.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Philips - Tele-Game ES-2203.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Philips - Tele-Game.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Philips - Videopac+-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Philips - Videopac+.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Pioneer - LaserActive.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Pioneer - Laseractive-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/PlayJam - Game Stick.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/PuzzleScript-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/PuzzleScript.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Quake II-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Quake II.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Quake III-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Quake III.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Quake-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Quake.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/RCA - Studio II-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/RCA - Studio II.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/RPG Maker-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/RPG Maker.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Rick Dangerous-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Rick Dangerous.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/SNK - Neo Geo CD Tray.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/SNK - Neo Geo CD-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/SNK - Neo Geo CD.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/SNK - Neo Geo CDZ.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/SNK - Neo Geo Mini.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket Color-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket Color.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket K.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket S.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket W.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/SNK - Neo Geo X-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/SNK - Neo Geo X.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/SNK - Neo Geo-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/SNK - Neo Geo.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/SSD - Xavixport-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/SSD - Xavixport.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sanyo - MBC-550-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sanyo - MBC-550.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/ScummVM-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/ScummVM.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sega - 32X HAA-2502-84000 (J).svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sega - 32X HAA-2510-84000 (J).svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sega - 32X MK-1601-84000 (E).svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sega - 32X MK-1601-84000 (U).svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sega - 32X MK-1631-84000 (E).svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sega - 32X Neptune (U).svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sega - 32X-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sega - 32X.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sega - Beena-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sega - Beena.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sega - Chihiro-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sega - Chihiro.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sega - Dreamcast B.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sega - Dreamcast H.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sega - Dreamcast K.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sega - Dreamcast-content (E).svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sega - Dreamcast-content (J).svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sega - Dreamcast-content (U).svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sega - Dreamcast-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sega - Dreamcast.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sega - Game Gear A.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sega - Game Gear B.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sega - Game Gear Q.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sega - Game Gear R.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sega - Game Gear S.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sega - Game Gear W.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sega - Game Gear Y.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sega - Game Gear-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sega - Game Gear.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sega - Master System - Mark III MK-3006.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sega - Master System - Mark III SG-1000M3 (J).svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sega - Master System - Mark III-content (J).svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sega - Master System - Mark III-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sega - Master System - Mark III.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis (Kr).svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis FB3680.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis HAA-2502 (J).svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis HAA-2510 (J).svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis HMJ-0300 (J).svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis MK-1461 (U).svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis MK-1601 (E).svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis MK-1631 (E).svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis MK-1631 (U).svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis MK-6100 (U).svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis MSg-EU.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis MSg-JP.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis MSg-USA.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis-content (E).svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis-content (J).svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis-content (U).svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD CSD-GM1 (J).svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD HAA-2502-2912 (J).svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD HAA-2510-2910 (J).svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD HAA-2510-2912 (J).svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD MK-1601-1690 (E).svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD MK-1601-1690 (U).svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD MK-1601-4102 (E).svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD MK-1601-4102 (U).svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD MK-1631-4102 (E).svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD MK-1631-4102 (U).svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD RG-M1 (J).svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD RG-M2 (J).svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sega - Naomi (alt).svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sega - Naomi 2 (alt).svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sega - Naomi 2-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sega - Naomi 2.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sega - Naomi-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sega - Naomi.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sega - PICO-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sega - PICO.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sega - SG-1000 II.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sega - SG-1000-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sega - SG-1000.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sega - Saturn HST-3200 (J).svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sega - Saturn MK-80000 (U).svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sega - Saturn MK-80000A (U).svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sega - Saturn MMP-1000NV-NX-4YD.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sega - Saturn MMP-1000NV.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sega - Saturn Pluto (U).svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sega - Saturn-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sega - Saturn.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sega - VMU.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sega - Video Driver-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sega - Video Driver.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sharp - X1-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sharp - X1.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sharp - X68000 K.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sharp - X68000 KT.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sharp - X68000 ST.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sharp - X68000-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sharp - X68000.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sinclair - ZX 81-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sinclair - ZX 81.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sinclair - ZX Spectrum +3-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sinclair - ZX Spectrum +3.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sinclair - ZX Spectrum-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sinclair - ZX Spectrum.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation (PocketStation) K.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation (PocketStation).svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation 2 PSX-5000.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation 2 PSX-5100.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation 2 SCPH-10000.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation 2 SCPH-70000 T.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation 2 SCPH-70000.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation 2 SCPH-90000 T.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation 2 SCPH-90000.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation 2-content CD.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation 2-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation 2.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation 3 (DLC)-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation 3 (DLC).svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation 3 (Downloadable)-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation 3 (Downloadable).svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation 3 (PSN)-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation 3 (PSN).svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation 3-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation 4 CUH-1000 KT.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation 4 CUH-1000 S.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation 4 CUH-1000 ST.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation 4 CUH-1000 W.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation 4 CUH-1000 WT.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation 4 CUH-2000 K.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation 4 CUH-2000 KT.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation 4 CUH-2000 W.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation 4 CUH-2000 WT.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation 4 CUH-7000 K.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation 4 CUH-7000 KT.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation 4-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation 4.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation 5 T.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation 5 WT.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation 5-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation 5.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation DTL-1000.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation DTL-1200.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation DTL-3000.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation DTL-H1000.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation DTL-H1200.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation DTL-H3000.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation Portable (DLC)-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation Portable (DLC).svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation Portable (PSN)-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation Portable (PSN).svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation Portable (PSX2PSP)-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation Portable (PSX2PSP).svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation Portable (UMD Music)-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation Portable (UMD Music).svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation Portable (UMD Video)-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation Portable (UMD Video).svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation Portable PSP-2000 B.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation Portable PSP-2000 H.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation Portable PSP-2000 R.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation Portable PSP-2000 S.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation Portable PSP-2000 W.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation Portable PSP-E1000 K.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation Portable PSP-E1000 W.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation Portable PSP-N1000 K.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation Portable PSP-N1000 W.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation Portable-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation Portable.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation SCPH-100-131 Alt.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation SCPH-100-131 Flat.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation SCPH-100-131.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation SCPH-100.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation Vita PCH-1000 B.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation Vita PCH-1000 R.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation Vita PCH-1000 W.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation Vita PCH-2000 K.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation Vita PCH-2000 W.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation Vita VTE-1000 K.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation Vita VTE-1000 W.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation Vita-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation Vita.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sony - PlayStation.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sony - Playstation 3 CECH-2000 K.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sony - Playstation 3 CECH-2000 KT.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sony - Playstation 3 CECH-4000 K.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sony - Playstation 3 CECH-4000 KT.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sony - Playstation 3 CECHA00 KT.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sony - Playstation 3.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Sony - Playstation 5 CFI-2000.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Spectravideo - SV 328.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Spectravideo - SVI-318 - SVI-328-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Spectravideo - SVI-318 - SVI-328.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/TIC-80-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/TIC-80.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Taito - Egret II Mini.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Taito - Egret II.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Takara - Video Challenger-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Takara - Video Challenger.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Tandy - Video Information System-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Tandy - Video Information System.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Tapwave - Zodiac-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Tapwave - Zodiac.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Texas Instruments - TI-99-4A.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/The 3DO Company - 3DO FZ-10.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/The 3DO Company - 3DO GDO-101.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/The 3DO Company - 3DO GDO-203P.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/The 3DO Company - 3DO IMP-21J.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/The 3DO Company - 3DO-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/The 3DO Company - 3DO.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Thomson - MOTO Cartridge.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Thomson - MOTO TO8.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Thomson - MOTO TO8D.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Thomson - MOTO Tape.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Thomson - MOTO-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Thomson - MOTO.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Tiger - Game.com Pocket Pro.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Tiger - Game.com-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Tiger - Game.com.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Tiger - Gizmondo-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Tiger - Gizmondo.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Tiger - R-Zone DataZone.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Tiger - R-Zone SuperScreen.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Tiger - R-Zone XPG.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Tiger - R-Zone-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Tiger - R-Zone.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Tomb Raider-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Tomb Raider.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Tomy - Tutor-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Tomy - Tutor.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Umtech - VideoBrain-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Umtech - VideoBrain.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Unisonic - Champion 2711-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Unisonic - Champion 2711.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Uzebox-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Uzebox.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/VM Labs - NUON-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/VM Labs - NUON.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/VTech - 3D Gamate-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/VTech - 3D Gamate.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/VTech - CreatiVision-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/VTech - CreatiVision.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/VTech - Socrates Alt.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/VTech - Socrates-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/VTech - Socrates.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/VTech - V.Flash-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/VTech - V.Flash.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/VTech - V.Smile P.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/VTech - V.Smile-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/VTech - V.Smile.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Valve - Steam Deck OLED.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Valve - Steam Deck-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Valve - Steam Deck.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Valve - Steam Link.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/View-Master - Interactive Vision-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/View-Master - Interactive Vision.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Vircon32-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Vircon32.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/WASM-4-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/WASM-4.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Watara - Supervision Original.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Watara - Supervision-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Watara - Supervision.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Welback - Mega Duck-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Welback - Mega Duck.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Wolfenstein 3D-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Wolfenstein 3D.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Worlds of Wonder - Action Max-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Worlds of Wonder - Action Max.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Yamaha - Copera-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Yamaha - Copera.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/ZAPiT - Game Wave-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/ZAPiT - Game Wave.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/Zeebo - Zeebo.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/achievement-list.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/add-favorite.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/add.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/arrow.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/battery-20.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/battery-40.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/battery-60.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/battery-80.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/battery-charging.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/battery-full.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/bluetooth.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/clock.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/close.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/core-cheat-options.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/core-disk-options.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/core-infos.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/core-input-remapping-options.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/core-options.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/core-shader-options.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/core.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/cursor.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/database.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/default-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/default.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/dialog-slice.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/favorites-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/favorites.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/file.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/folder.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/history.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/iQue - iQue-content.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/iQue - iQue.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/image.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/images.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/input_ADC.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/input_BIND_ALL.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/input_BTN-D.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/input_BTN-L.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/input_BTN-R.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/input_BTN-U.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/input_DPAD-D.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/input_DPAD-L.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/input_DPAD-R.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/input_DPAD-U.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/input_LB.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/input_LGUN.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/input_LT.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/input_MOUSE.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/input_RB.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/input_RT.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/input_SELECT.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/input_START.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/input_STCK-D.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/input_STCK-L.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/input_STCK-P.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/input_STCK-R.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/input_STCK-U.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/input_TURBO.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/key-hover.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/key.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/lakka.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/loadstate.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/menu_achievements.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/menu_add.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/menu_apply_cog.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/menu_apply_toggle.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/menu_audio.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/menu_brightness.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/menu_check.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/menu_drivers.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/menu_exit.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/menu_frameskip.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/menu_help.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/menu_hourglass.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/menu_info.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/menu_latency.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/menu_log.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/menu_mixer.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/menu_network.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/menu_notifications.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/menu_osd.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/menu_overlay.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/menu_override.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/menu_pause.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/menu_playlist.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/menu_power.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/menu_privacy.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/menu_quickmenu.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/menu_record.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/menu_rewind.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/menu_room.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/menu_room_lan.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/menu_room_relay.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/menu_saving.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/menu_shutdown.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/menu_stream.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/menu_ui.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/menu_updater.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/menu_user.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/menu_video.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/menu_volume_max.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/menu_volume_med.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/menu_volume_min.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/menu_volume_mute.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/movie.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/movies.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/music.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/musics.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/netplay.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/off.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/on.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/pointer.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/reload.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/rename.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/resume.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/retroarch.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/room.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/run.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/savestate.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/screenshot.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/setting.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/settings.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/subsetting.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/undo.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/wifi.svg
share/libretro/assets/Systematic/src/svg/zip.svg
share/libretro/assets/branding/libretro_logo.png
share/libretro/assets/branding/libretro_logo_white.png
share/libretro/assets/branding/logo.png
share/libretro/assets/branding/retroarch-plain-logo.png
share/libretro/assets/branding/retroarch-plain-logo.xcf
share/libretro/assets/branding/retroarch_bg.png
share/libretro/assets/branding/retroarch_libretro_bg.png
share/libretro/assets/branding/retroarch_nologo_bg.png
share/libretro/assets/cfg/concept_FlatUX.cfg
share/libretro/assets/ctr/bottom_menu.png
share/libretro/assets/ctr/bottom_menu_template.png
share/libretro/assets/devtools/palettes/pdf/flatux-palette.pdf
share/libretro/assets/devtools/palettes/pdf/systematic-color-palette-70.pdf
share/libretro/assets/devtools/palettes/png/flatux-palette.png
share/libretro/assets/devtools/palettes/png/systematic-color-palette-70.png
share/libretro/assets/devtools/palettes/svg/flatux-palette.svg
share/libretro/assets/devtools/palettes/svg/systematic-color-palette-70.svg
share/libretro/assets/fonts/DejaVuSans.LICENSE.txt
share/libretro/assets/fonts/DejaVuSans.ttf
share/libretro/assets/fonts/Metrophobic-Regular-OFL.txt
share/libretro/assets/fonts/Metrophobic-Regular.ttf
share/libretro/assets/fonts/OpenSans-Bold.ttf
share/libretro/assets/fonts/OpenSans-Regular.ttf
share/libretro/assets/fonts/OpenSans-Regular_LICENSE.txt
share/libretro/assets/fonts/README.md
share/libretro/assets/fonts/SuperRes2560x240p-License.txt
share/libretro/assets/fonts/SuperRes2560x240p.ttf
share/libretro/assets/fonts/TitilliumWeb-Bold.ttf
share/libretro/assets/fonts/TitilliumWeb-OFL.txt
share/libretro/assets/fonts/TitilliumWeb-Regular.ttf
share/libretro/assets/fonts/mplus-1p-regular.ttf
share/libretro/assets/fonts/mplus-1pLICENSE_E.txt
share/libretro/assets/fonts/mplus-1p_LICENSE_J.txt
share/libretro/assets/glui/README.md
share/libretro/assets/glui/add.png
share/libretro/assets/glui/add_to_favorites.png
share/libretro/assets/glui/add_to_mixer.png
share/libretro/assets/glui/archive.png
share/libretro/assets/glui/back.png
share/libretro/assets/glui/back_tab.png
share/libretro/assets/glui/battery_100.png
share/libretro/assets/glui/battery_20.png
share/libretro/assets/glui/battery_30.png
share/libretro/assets/glui/battery_50.png
share/libretro/assets/glui/battery_60.png
share/libretro/assets/glui/battery_80.png
share/libretro/assets/glui/battery_90.png
share/libretro/assets/glui/battery_charging.png
share/libretro/assets/glui/battery_critical.png
share/libretro/assets/glui/close.png
share/libretro/assets/glui/configurations.png
share/libretro/assets/glui/controls.png
share/libretro/assets/glui/core_cheat_options.png
share/libretro/assets/glui/core_options.png
share/libretro/assets/glui/cores.png
share/libretro/assets/glui/database.png
share/libretro/assets/glui/disk.png
share/libretro/assets/glui/eject.png
share/libretro/assets/glui/file.png
share/libretro/assets/glui/folder.png
share/libretro/assets/glui/font.ttf
share/libretro/assets/glui/help.png
share/libretro/assets/glui/history.png
share/libretro/assets/glui/image.png
share/libretro/assets/glui/information.png
share/libretro/assets/glui/key-hover.png
share/libretro/assets/glui/key.png
share/libretro/assets/glui/load_content.png
share/libretro/assets/glui/load_state.png
share/libretro/assets/glui/main_tab_passive.png
share/libretro/assets/glui/menu_check.png
share/libretro/assets/glui/music.png
share/libretro/assets/glui/netplay.png
share/libretro/assets/glui/parent_directory.png
share/libretro/assets/glui/playlist.png
share/libretro/assets/glui/playlists_tab_passive.png
share/libretro/assets/glui/pointer.png
share/libretro/assets/glui/quickmenu.png
share/libretro/assets/glui/quit.png
share/libretro/assets/glui/remove.png
share/libretro/assets/glui/rename.png
share/libretro/assets/glui/restart.png
share/libretro/assets/glui/resume.png
share/libretro/assets/glui/resume_tab.png
share/libretro/assets/glui/run.png
share/libretro/assets/glui/save_state.png
share/libretro/assets/glui/scan.png
share/libretro/assets/glui/search.png
share/libretro/assets/glui/settings.png
share/libretro/assets/glui/settings_tab_passive.png
share/libretro/assets/glui/shaders.png
share/libretro/assets/glui/start_core.png
share/libretro/assets/glui/state_slot.png
share/libretro/assets/glui/switch_bg.png
share/libretro/assets/glui/switch_off.png
share/libretro/assets/glui/switch_on.png
share/libretro/assets/glui/switch_view.png
share/libretro/assets/glui/take_screenshot.png
share/libretro/assets/glui/undo_load_state.png
share/libretro/assets/glui/undo_save_state.png
share/libretro/assets/glui/update.png
share/libretro/assets/glui/video.png
share/libretro/assets/menu_widgets/README.md
share/libretro/assets/menu_widgets/msg_queue_icon.png
share/libretro/assets/menu_widgets/msg_queue_icon_outline.png
share/libretro/assets/menu_widgets/msg_queue_icon_rect.png
share/libretro/assets/nxrgui/menu/DOSBox.png
share/libretro/assets/nxrgui/menu/FCEUmm.png
share/libretro/assets/nxrgui/menu/Gambatte.png
share/libretro/assets/nxrgui/menu/Genesis Plus GX.png
share/libretro/assets/nxrgui/menu/MAME 2003-plus.png
share/libretro/assets/nxrgui/menu/PCSX-ReARMed.png
share/libretro/assets/nxrgui/menu/ParaLLEl N64.png
share/libretro/assets/nxrgui/menu/RetroArch.png
share/libretro/assets/nxrgui/menu/Snes9x 2010.png
share/libretro/assets/nxrgui/menu/Snes9x.png
share/libretro/assets/nxrgui/menu/mGBA.png
share/libretro/assets/nxrgui/menu/mame2003.png
share/libretro/assets/nxrgui/overlay/README.txt
share/libretro/assets/nxrgui/overlay/Snes9x 2010_.png
share/libretro/assets/nxrgui/overlay/Snes9x 2010_2.png
share/libretro/assets/nxrgui/splash/DOSBox.png
share/libretro/assets/nxrgui/splash/FCEUmm.png
share/libretro/assets/nxrgui/splash/Gambatte.png
share/libretro/assets/nxrgui/splash/Genesis Plus GX.png
share/libretro/assets/nxrgui/splash/PCSX-ReARMed.png
share/libretro/assets/nxrgui/splash/ParaLLEl N64.png
share/libretro/assets/nxrgui/splash/RetroArch.png
share/libretro/assets/nxrgui/splash/Snes9x 2010.png
share/libretro/assets/nxrgui/splash/Snes9x.png
share/libretro/assets/nxrgui/splash/mGBA.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/README.md
share/libretro/assets/ozone/bold.ttf
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/boysenberry/check.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/boysenberry/cursor_noborder.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/boysenberry/cursor_static.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/boysenberry/switch.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/cursor_border.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/dark/check.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/dark/cursor_noborder.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/dark/cursor_static.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/dark/switch.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/dracula/check.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/dracula/cursor_noborder.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/dracula/cursor_static.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/dracula/switch.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/gruvbox_dark/check.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/gruvbox_dark/cursor_noborder.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/gruvbox_dark/cursor_static.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/gruvbox_dark/switch.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/hacking_the_kernel/check.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/hacking_the_kernel/cursor_noborder.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/hacking_the_kernel/cursor_static.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/hacking_the_kernel/switch.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/2048-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/2048.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Acorn - Risc PC-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Acorn - Risc PC.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Acorn RISC OS - Flash Media-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Acorn RISC OS - Flash Media.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Amstrad - CPC-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Amstrad - CPC.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Analogue - Analogue Pocket-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Analogue - Analogue Pocket.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Apple - IIGS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Apple - IIGS.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Apple - Macintosh (BETA)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Apple - Macintosh (BETA).png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Apple-Bandai - Pippin-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Apple-Bandai - Pippin.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Arduboy Inc - Arduboy-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Arduboy Inc - Arduboy.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Atari - 2600-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Atari - 2600.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Atari - 5200-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Atari - 5200.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Atari - 7800-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Atari - 7800.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Atari - Jaguar CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Atari - Jaguar CD.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Atari - Jaguar-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Atari - Jaguar.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Atari - Lynx-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Atari - Lynx.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Atari - ST-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Atari - ST.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Atari - XEGS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Atari - XEGS.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Bally - Astrocade (Tapes)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Bally - Astrocade-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Bally - Astrocade.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Bandai - Super Vision 8000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Bandai - Super Vision 8000.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Bandai - WonderSwan Color-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Bandai - WonderSwan Color.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Bandai - WonderSwan-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Bandai - WonderSwan.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Benesse - Pocket Challenge V2-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Benesse - Pocket Challenge V2.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/CHIP-8-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/CHIP-8.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Cannonball-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Cannonball.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Capcom - CP System I-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Capcom - CP System I.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Capcom - CP System II-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Capcom - CP System II.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Capcom - CP System III-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Capcom - CP System III.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Casio - Loopy-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Casio - Loopy.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Casio - PV-1000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Casio - PV-1000.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Cave Story-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Cave Story.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/ChaiLove-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/ChaiLove.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Coleco - ColecoVision ADAM-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Coleco - ColecoVision ADAM.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Coleco - ColecoVision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Coleco - ColecoVision.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Commodore - 64-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Commodore - 64.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Commodore - Amiga-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Commodore - Amiga.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Commodore - CD32-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Commodore - CD32.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Commodore - PET-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Commodore - PET.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Commodore - Plus-4-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Commodore - Plus-4.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Commodore - VIC-20-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Commodore - VIC-20.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/DOOM-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/DOOM.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/DOS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/DOS.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Dinothawr-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Dinothawr.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Dungeon Crawl Stone Soup-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Dungeon Crawl Stone Soup.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Emerson - Arcadia 2001-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Emerson - Arcadia 2001.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Entex - Adventure Vision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Entex - Adventure Vision.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Epoch - Super Cassette Vision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Epoch - Super Cassette Vision.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/FBNeo - Arcade Games-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/FBNeo - Arcade Games.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/FFmpeg-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/FFmpeg.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Fairchild - Channel F-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Fairchild - Channel F.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Flashback-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Flashback.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Fujitsu - FM 7-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Fujitsu - FM 7.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Fujitsu - FM Towns-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Fujitsu - FM Towns.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Fujitsu - FMR50-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Fujitsu - FMR50.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Fukutake Publishing - StudyBox-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Fukutake Publishing - StudyBox.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Funtech - Super Acan-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Funtech - Super Acan.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/GCE - Vectrex-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/GCE - Vectrex.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/GamePark - GP2X (Digital)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/GamePark - GP2X (Digital).png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/GamePark - GP2X-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/GamePark - GP2X.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/GamePark - GP32-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/GamePark - GP32.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Google - Android (Amazon Appstore)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Google - Android (Amazon Appstore).png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Google - Android (Misc)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Google - Android (Misc).png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Google - Android (Samsung Galaxy Apps)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Google - Android (Samsung Galaxy Apps).png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Handheld Electronic Game-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Handheld Electronic Game.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Hartung - Game Master-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Hartung - Game Master.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Hitachi - S1-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Hitachi - S1.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/IBM - PC and Compatibles (Digital) (Desura)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/IBM - PC and Compatibles (Digital) (Desura).png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/IBM - PC and Compatibles (Digital) (Groupees)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/IBM - PC and Compatibles (Digital) (Groupees).png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/IBM - PC and Compatibles (Digital) (JAST USA)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/IBM - PC and Compatibles (Digital) (JAST USA).png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/IBM - PC and Compatibles (Digital) (Misc) (Adult)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/IBM - PC and Compatibles (Digital) (Misc) (Adult).png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/IBM - PC and Compatibles (Digital) (Misc)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/IBM - PC and Compatibles (Digital) (Misc).png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/IBM - PC and Compatibles (Digital) (Steam) (Hentai)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/IBM - PC and Compatibles (Digital) (Steam) (Hentai).png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/IBM - PC and Compatibles (Digital) (Unknown)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/IBM - PC and Compatibles (Digital) (Unknown).png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/IBM - PC and Compatibles (Digital) (Updates and DLC)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/IBM - PC and Compatibles (Digital) (Updates and DLC).png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/IBM - PC and Compatibles (Flash Media)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/IBM - PC and Compatibles (Flash Media).png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/IBM - PC and Compatibles-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/IBM - PC and Compatibles.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Interton - VC 4000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Interton - VC 4000.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Konami - Picno-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Konami - Picno.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/LeapFrog - LeapPad-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/LeapFrog - LeapPad.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/LeapFrog - Leapster Learning Game System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/LeapFrog - Leapster Learning Game System.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/LeapFrog - My First LeapPad-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/LeapFrog - My First LeapPad.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Libretro - Pad.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Lutro-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Lutro.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Luxor - ABC 800-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Luxor - ABC 800.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/MAME 2000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/MAME 2000.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/MAME 2003-Plus-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/MAME 2003-Plus.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/MAME 2003-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/MAME 2003.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/MAME 2010-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/MAME 2010.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/MAME 2015-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/MAME 2015.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/MAME 2016-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/MAME 2016.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/MAME-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/MAME.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Magnavox - Odyssey-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Magnavox - Odyssey.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Magnavox - Odyssey2-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Magnavox - Odyssey2.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Mattel - Intellivision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Mattel - Intellivision.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Microsoft - MSX-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Microsoft - MSX.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Microsoft - MSX2-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Microsoft - MSX2.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Microsoft - XBOX 360 (Digital)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Microsoft - XBOX 360 (Digital).png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Microsoft - Xbox (Development Kit Hard Drives)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Microsoft - Xbox (Development Kit Hard Drives).png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Microsoft - Xbox 360 (Development Kit Hard Drives)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Microsoft - Xbox 360 (Development Kit Hard Drives).png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Microsoft - Xbox 360 (Digital) (CDN)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Microsoft - Xbox 360 (Digital) (CDN).png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Microsoft - Xbox 360-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Microsoft - Xbox 360.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Microsoft - Xbox One (Digital)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Microsoft - Xbox One (Digital).png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Microsoft - Xbox One-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Microsoft - Xbox One.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Microsoft - Xbox-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Microsoft - Xbox.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Milton Bradley - Omni-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Milton Bradley - Omni.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Minecraft-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Minecraft.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Mobile - J2ME-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Mobile - J2ME.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Mobile - Palm OS (Digital)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Mobile - Palm OS (Digital).png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Mobile - Palm OS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Mobile - Palm OS.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Mobile - Pocket PC (Digital)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Mobile - Pocket PC (Digital).png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Mobile - Pocket PC-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Mobile - Pocket PC.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Mobile - Symbian-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Mobile - Symbian.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/MrBoom-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/MrBoom.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/NEC - PC Engine SuperGrafx-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/NEC - PC Engine SuperGrafx.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/NEC - PC-8001 - PC-8801-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/NEC - PC-8001 - PC-8801.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/NEC - PC-98-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/NEC - PC-98.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/NEC - PC-FX-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/NEC - PC-FX.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Namco, Sega, Nintendo - TriForce (Cartridges)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Namco, Sega, Nintendo - TriForce (Cartridges).png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Neo Geo-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Neo Geo.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Nichibutsu - My Vision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Nichibutsu - My Vision.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Nintendo - Family BASIC (Cartridge).png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Nintendo - Family BASIC (Tapes).png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Nintendo - Family BASIC.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Nintendo - Family Computer Disk System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Nintendo - Family Computer Disk System.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Nintendo - Family Computer Network System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Nintendo - Family Computer Network System.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Nintendo - Game & Watch-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Nintendo - Game & Watch.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance (Multiboot)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance (Multiboot).png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance (Play-Yan)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance (Play-Yan).png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance (Video)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance (Video).png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance (e-Reader)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance (e-Reader).png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Nintendo - Game Boy Color-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Nintendo - Game Boy Color.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Nintendo - Game Boy-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Nintendo - Game Boy.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Nintendo - GameCube-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Nintendo - GameCube.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Nintendo - Kiosk Video Compact Flash-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Nintendo - Kiosk Video Compact Flash.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Nintendo - Misc-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Nintendo - Misc.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS (Digital) (Deprecated)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS (Digital) (Deprecated).png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (AR Cards)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (AR Cards).png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (DLC)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (DLC).png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (Digital) (CDN)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (Digital) (CDN).png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (Digital) (Deprecated)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (Digital) (Deprecated).png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (Digital) (Dev ROMs)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (Digital) (Dev ROMs).png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (Digital) (Pre Install)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (Digital) (Pre Install).png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (Digital)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (Digital).png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Nintendo - Nintendo 64 (Mario no Photopi SmartMedia)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Nintendo - Nintendo 64 (Mario no Photopi SmartMedia).png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Nintendo - Nintendo 64-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Nintendo - Nintendo 64.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Nintendo - Nintendo 64DD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Nintendo - Nintendo 64DD.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Nintendo - Nintendo DS (Download Play) (BETA)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Nintendo - Nintendo DS (Download Play) (BETA).png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Nintendo - Nintendo DS (Download Play)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Nintendo - Nintendo DS (Download Play).png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Nintendo - Nintendo DS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Nintendo - Nintendo DS.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi (DLC)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi (DLC).png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi (Digital) (CDN)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi (Digital) (CDN).png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi (Digital)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi (Digital).png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi Decrypted-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi Decrypted.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Nintendo - Nintendo GameCube (NPDP Carts)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Nintendo - Nintendo GameCube (NPDP Carts).png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Nintendo - Pokemon Mini-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Nintendo - Pokemon Mini.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Nintendo - Satellaview-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Nintendo - Satellaview.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Nintendo - Sufami Turbo-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Nintendo - Sufami Turbo.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Nintendo - Switch-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Nintendo - Switch.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Nintendo - Virtual Boy-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Nintendo - Virtual Boy.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Nintendo - Wallpapers-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Nintendo - Wallpapers.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Nintendo - Wii (Digital) (CDN)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Nintendo - Wii (Digital) (CDN).png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Nintendo - Wii U (Digital) (CDN) (Dev)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Nintendo - Wii U (Digital) (CDN) (Dev).png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Nintendo - Wii U (Digital) (CDN) (Lotcheck)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Nintendo - Wii U (Digital) (CDN) (Lotcheck).png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Nintendo - Wii U (Digital) (CDN)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Nintendo - Wii U (Digital) (CDN).png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Nintendo - Wii U-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Nintendo - Wii U.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Nintendo - Wii-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Nintendo - Wii.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Nintendo - amiibo-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Nintendo - amiibo.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Nintendo - e-Reader-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Nintendo - e-Reader.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Nokia - N Gage (WIP)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Nokia - N Gage (WIP).png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Nokia - N-Gage 2.0-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Nokia - N-Gage 2.0.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Nokia - N-Gage-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Nokia - N-Gage.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Non Redump - Apple - Macintosh (Discs) (Non Game)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Non Redump - Apple - Macintosh (Discs) (Non Game).png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Non Redump - BD Video-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Non Redump - BD Video.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Non Redump - IBM - PC Compatible (Discs) (Non Game)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Non Redump - IBM - PC Compatible (Discs) (Non Game).png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Non Redump - Konami - Python 2-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Non Redump - Konami - Python 2.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Non Redump - Microsoft - Pocket PC-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Non Redump - Microsoft - Pocket PC.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Non Redump - Microsoft - Xbox Series X-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Non Redump - Microsoft - Xbox Series X.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Non Redump - Sega - ALLS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Non Redump - Sega - ALLS.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Non Redump - Sony - PlayStation Portable-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Non Redump - Sony - PlayStation Portable.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Non Redump - Sony Electronic Book-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Non Redump - Sony Electronic Book.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Non Redump - Super Audio CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Non Redump - Super Audio CD.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Non Redump - ZAPiT Games - Game Wave Family Entertainment System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Non Redump - ZAPiT Games - Game Wave Family Entertainment System.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Non-Redump - Apple-Bandai - Pippin-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Non-Redump - Apple-Bandai - Pippin.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Non-Redump - Atari - Atari Jaguar CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Non-Redump - Atari - Atari Jaguar CD.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Non-Redump - Audio CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Non-Redump - Audio CD.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Non-Redump - DVD-Video-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Non-Redump - DVD-Video.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Non-Redump - IBM - PC Compatible (Discs) (Adult)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Non-Redump - IBM - PC Compatible (Discs) (Adult).png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Non-Redump - IBM - PC Compatible (Discs)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Non-Redump - IBM - PC Compatible (Discs).png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Non-Redump - Microsoft - Microsoft Xbox 360-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Non-Redump - Microsoft - Microsoft Xbox 360.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Non-Redump - Microsoft - Microsoft Xbox-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Non-Redump - Microsoft - Microsoft Xbox.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Non-Redump - Microsoft - Xbox One-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Non-Redump - Microsoft - Xbox One.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Non-Redump - NEC - PC Engine CD + TurboGrafx CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Non-Redump - NEC - PC Engine CD + TurboGrafx CD.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Non-Redump - Nintendo - Nintendo GameCube-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Non-Redump - Nintendo - Nintendo GameCube.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Non-Redump - Nintendo - Wii U-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Non-Redump - Nintendo - Wii U.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Non-Redump - Nintendo - Wii-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Non-Redump - Nintendo - Wii.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Non-Redump - Panasonic - 3DO Interactive Multiplayer-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Non-Redump - Panasonic - 3DO Interactive Multiplayer.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Non-Redump - Philips - CD-i-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Non-Redump - Philips - CD-i.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Non-Redump - Sega - Dreamcast-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Non-Redump - Sega - Dreamcast.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Non-Redump - Sega - Sega Mega CD + Sega CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Non-Redump - Sega - Sega Mega CD + Sega CD.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Non-Redump - Sega - Sega Saturn-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Non-Redump - Sega - Sega Saturn.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Non-Redump - Sony - PlayStation 2-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Non-Redump - Sony - PlayStation 2.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Non-Redump - Sony - PlayStation 3-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Non-Redump - Sony - PlayStation 3.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Non-Redump - Sony - PlayStation-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Non-Redump - Sony - PlayStation.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Ouya - Ouya-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Ouya - Ouya.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Philips - Videopac+-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Philips - Videopac+.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Quake II-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Quake II.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Quake III-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Quake III.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Quake-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Quake.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/RCA - Studio II-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/RCA - Studio II.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/RPG Maker-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/RPG Maker.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Rick Dangerous-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Rick Dangerous.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/SNK - Neo Geo CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/SNK - Neo Geo CD.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket Color-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket Color.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/SNK - Neo Geo-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/SNK - Neo Geo.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Sanyo - MBC 550-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Sanyo - MBC 550.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/ScummVM-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/ScummVM.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Sega - 32X-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Sega - 32X.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Sega - Beena-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Sega - Beena.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Sega - Dreamcast (Visual Memory Unit)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Sega - Dreamcast (Visual Memory Unit).png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Sega - Dreamcast-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Sega - Dreamcast.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Sega - Game Gear-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Sega - Game Gear.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Sega - Master System - Mark III-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Sega - Master System - Mark III.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Sega - PICO-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Sega - PICO.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Sega - SG-1000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Sega - SG-1000.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Sega - Saturn-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Sega - Saturn.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Seta - Aleck64-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Seta - Aleck64.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Sharp - MZ 2200-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Sharp - MZ 2200.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Sharp - MZ 700-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Sharp - MZ 700.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Sharp - X1-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Sharp - X1.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Sharp - X68000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Sharp - X68000.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Sinclair - ZX 81-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Sinclair - ZX 81.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Sinclair - ZX Spectrum +3-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Sinclair - ZX Spectrum +3.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Sinclair - ZX Spectrum-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Sinclair - ZX Spectrum.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Sony - PlayStation (PS one Classics) (PSN)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Sony - PlayStation (PS one Classics) (PSN).png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Sony - PlayStation (PocketStation)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Sony - PlayStation (PocketStation).png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Sony - PlayStation 2-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Sony - PlayStation 2.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Sony - PlayStation 3 (DLC)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Sony - PlayStation 3 (DLC).png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Sony - PlayStation 3 (Development Kit Hard Drives) (Decrypted)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Sony - PlayStation 3 (Development Kit Hard Drives) (Decrypted).png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Sony - PlayStation 3 (Downloadable)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Sony - PlayStation 3 (Downloadable).png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Sony - PlayStation 3 (PSN) (Content)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Sony - PlayStation 3 (PSN) (Content).png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Sony - PlayStation 3 (PSN) (Updates)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Sony - PlayStation 3 (PSN) (Updates).png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Sony - PlayStation 3 (PSN)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Sony - PlayStation 3 (PSN).png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Sony - PlayStation 3-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Sony - PlayStation 3.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Sony - PlayStation 4-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Sony - PlayStation 4.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Sony - PlayStation Mobile (PSN)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Sony - PlayStation Mobile (PSN).png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Sony - PlayStation Portable (DLC)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Sony - PlayStation Portable (DLC).png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Sony - PlayStation Portable (PSN) (Encrypted)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Sony - PlayStation Portable (PSN) (Encrypted).png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Sony - PlayStation Portable (PSN)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Sony - PlayStation Portable (PSN).png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Sony - PlayStation Portable (PSX2PSP)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Sony - PlayStation Portable (PSX2PSP).png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Sony - PlayStation Portable (UMD Music)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Sony - PlayStation Portable (UMD Music).png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Sony - PlayStation Portable (UMD Video)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Sony - PlayStation Portable (UMD Video).png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Sony - PlayStation Portable-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Sony - PlayStation Portable.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Sony - PlayStation Vita (PSN) (Content)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Sony - PlayStation Vita (PSN) (Content).png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Sony - PlayStation Vita (PSN) (Updates)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Sony - PlayStation Vita (PSN) (Updates).png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Sony - PlayStation Vita-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Sony - PlayStation Vita.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Sony - PlayStation-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Sony - PlayStation.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Source Code - Apple - I-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Source Code - Apple - I.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Source Code - Apple - II-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Source Code - Apple - II.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Source Code - Apple - IIGS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Source Code - Apple - IIGS.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Source Code - Atari - 8-bit-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Source Code - Atari - 8-bit.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Source Code - IBM - PC and Compatibles-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Source Code - IBM - PC and Compatibles.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Source Code - Microsoft - Xbox 360-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Source Code - Microsoft - Xbox 360.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Source Code - Mobile - Palm OS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Source Code - Mobile - Palm OS.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Source Code - Nintendo - Game Boy Advance-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Source Code - Nintendo - Game Boy Advance.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Source Code - Nintendo - Game Boy Color-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Source Code - Nintendo - Game Boy Color.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Source Code - Nintendo - Game Boy-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Source Code - Nintendo - Game Boy.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Source Code - Nintendo - GameCube-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Source Code - Nintendo - GameCube.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Source Code - Nintendo - Nintendo DS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Source Code - Nintendo - Nintendo DS.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Source Code - Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Source Code - Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Source Code - Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Source Code - Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Source Code - Panasonic - 3DO Interactive Multiplayer-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Source Code - Panasonic - 3DO Interactive Multiplayer.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Source Code - Sega - DreamCast-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Source Code - Sega - DreamCast.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Source Code - VM Labs - NUON-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Source Code - VM Labs - NUON.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Source Code - Various-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Source Code - Various.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Spectravideo - SVI-318 - SVI-328-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Spectravideo - SVI-318 - SVI-328.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/TIC-80-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/TIC-80.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Tangerine Computer Systems - Oric-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Tangerine Computer Systems - Oric.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/TeleNova - Compis-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/TeleNova - Compis.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Texas Instruments - TI 99 4A-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Texas Instruments - TI 99 4A.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/The 3DO Company - 3DO-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/The 3DO Company - 3DO.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Thomson - MOTO-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Thomson - MOTO.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Tiger - Game.com-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Tiger - Game.com.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Tomb Raider-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Tomb Raider.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Toshiba - Pasopia-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Toshiba - Pasopia.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Toshiba - Visicom-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Toshiba - Visicom.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Unofficial - Microsoft - XBOX 360 (Title Updates)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Unofficial - Microsoft - XBOX 360 (Title Updates).png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Unofficial - Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (Digital) (Updates and DLC)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Unofficial - Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (Digital) (Updates and DLC).png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Unofficial - Nintendo - Wii (Digital) (Split DLC)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Unofficial - Nintendo - Wii (Digital) (Split DLC).png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Unofficial - Nintendo - Wii (Digital)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Unofficial - Nintendo - Wii (Digital).png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Unofficial - Nintendo - Wii U (Digital)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Unofficial - Nintendo - Wii U (Digital).png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Unofficial - Sony - PlayStation 3 (PSN) (Decrypted)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Unofficial - Sony - PlayStation 3 (PSN) (Decrypted).png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Unofficial - Sony - PlayStation 4 (PSN)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Unofficial - Sony - PlayStation 4 (PSN).png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Unofficial - Sony - PlayStation Portable (PSN) (Decrypted)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Unofficial - Sony - PlayStation Portable (PSN) (Decrypted).png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Unofficial - Sony - PlayStation Portable (PSX2PSP)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Unofficial - Sony - PlayStation Portable (PSX2PSP).png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Unofficial - Sony - PlayStation Portable (UMD Music)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Unofficial - Sony - PlayStation Portable (UMD Music).png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Unofficial - Sony - PlayStation Portable (UMD Video)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Unofficial - Sony - PlayStation Portable (UMD Video).png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Unofficial - Sony - PlayStation Portable-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Unofficial - Sony - PlayStation Portable.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Unofficial - Sony - PlayStation Vita (PSN) (Decrypted)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Unofficial - Sony - PlayStation Vita (PSN) (Decrypted).png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Unofficial - Sony - PlayStation Vita-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Unofficial - Sony - PlayStation Vita.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Unofficial - Video Game Documents-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Unofficial - Video Game Documents.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Unofficial - Video Game Guide Scans-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Unofficial - Video Game Guide Scans.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Unofficial - Video Game Magazine Scans-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Unofficial - Video Game Magazine Scans.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Unofficial - Video Game Manual Scans-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Unofficial - Video Game Manual Scans.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Unofficial - Video Game Scans-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Unofficial - Video Game Scans.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Uzebox-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Uzebox.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/VM-Labs - NUON-(Digital)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/VM-Labs - NUON-(Digital).png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/VM-Labs - NUON-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/VM-Labs - NUON.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/VTech - CreatiVision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/VTech - CreatiVision.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/VTech - Mobigo-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/VTech - Mobigo.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/VTech - V.Smile-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/VTech - V.Smile.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Watara - Supervision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Watara - Supervision.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Welback - Mega-Duck-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Welback - Mega-Duck.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Yamaha - Copera-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Yamaha - Copera.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Zeebo - Zeebo-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/Zeebo - Zeebo.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/achievement-list.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/add-favorite.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/add.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/arrow.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/battery-20.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/battery-40.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/battery-60.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/battery-80.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/battery-charging.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/battery-full.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/bg.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/bluetooth.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/clock.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/close.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/core-cheat-options.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/core-disk-options.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/core-infos.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/core-input-remapping-options.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/core-options.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/core-shader-options.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/core.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/cursor.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/database.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/default-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/default.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/dialog-slice.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/disc.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/favorites-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/favorites.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/file.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/folder.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/history.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/iQue - iQue-content.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/iQue - iQue.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/image.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/images.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/input_ADC.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/input_BIND_ALL.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/input_BTN-D.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/input_BTN-L.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/input_BTN-R.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/input_BTN-U.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/input_DPAD-D.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/input_DPAD-L.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/input_DPAD-R.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/input_DPAD-U.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/input_LB.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/input_LGUN.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/input_LT.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/input_MOUSE.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/input_RB.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/input_RT.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/input_SELECT.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/input_START.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/input_STCK-D.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/input_STCK-L.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/input_STCK-P.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/input_STCK-R.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/input_STCK-U.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/input_TURBO.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/key-hover.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/key.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/lakka.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/loadstate.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/menu_achievements.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/menu_add.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/menu_apply_cog.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/menu_apply_toggle.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/menu_audio.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/menu_brightness.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/menu_check.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/menu_drivers.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/menu_exit.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/menu_frameskip.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/menu_help.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/menu_hourglass.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/menu_info.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/menu_latency.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/menu_log.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/menu_mixer.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/menu_network.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/menu_notifications.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/menu_osd.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/menu_overlay.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/menu_override.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/menu_pause.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/menu_playlist.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/menu_power.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/menu_privacy.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/menu_quickmenu.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/menu_record.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/menu_rewind.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/menu_room.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/menu_room_lan.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/menu_room_relay.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/menu_saving.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/menu_shutdown.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/menu_stream.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/menu_ui.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/menu_updater.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/menu_user.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/menu_video.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/menu_volume_max.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/menu_volume_med.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/menu_volume_min.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/menu_volume_mute.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/movie.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/movies.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/music.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/musics.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/netplay - LAN Room-locked.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/netplay - LAN Room.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/netplay - iRoom-locked.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/netplay - iRoom.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/netplay - rooms-locked.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/netplay - rooms.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/netplay.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/off.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/on.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/on_alt.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/pointer.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/reload.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/rename.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/resume.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/retroarch.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/run.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/savestate.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/screenshot.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/setting.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/settings.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/subsetting.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/undo.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/wifi.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/icons/zip.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/light/check.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/light/cursor_noborder.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/light/cursor_static.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/light/switch.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/mei/check.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/mei/cursor_noborder.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/mei/cursor_static.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/mei/switch.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/nord/check.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/nord/cursor_noborder.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/nord/cursor_static.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/nord/switch.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/purple_rain/check.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/purple_rain/cursor_noborder.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/purple_rain/cursor_static.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/purple_rain/switch.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/retroarch.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/sidebar/add.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/sidebar/favorites.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/sidebar/history.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/sidebar/image.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/sidebar/music.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/sidebar/netplay.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/sidebar/retroarch.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/sidebar/settings.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/sidebar/video.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/solarized_dark/check.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/solarized_dark/cursor_noborder.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/solarized_dark/cursor_static.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/solarized_dark/switch.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/solarized_light/check.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/solarized_light/cursor_noborder.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/solarized_light/cursor_static.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/solarized_light/switch.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/twilight_zone/check.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/twilight_zone/cursor_noborder.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/twilight_zone/cursor_static.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/png/twilight_zone/switch.png
share/libretro/assets/ozone/regular.ttf
share/libretro/assets/pkg/chinese-fallback-font.ttf
share/libretro/assets/pkg/chinese-fallback-font.txt
share/libretro/assets/pkg/fallback-font.ttf
share/libretro/assets/pkg/fallback-font.txt
share/libretro/assets/pkg/korean-fallback-font.ttf
share/libretro/assets/pkg/korean-fallback-font.txt
share/libretro/assets/pkg/osd-font.ttf
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/2048.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/81.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/a5200.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/arduous.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/atari800.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/beetle_cygne.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/beetle_pce_fast.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/beetle_psx.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/beetle_psx_hw.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/beetle_vb.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/bk.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/bluemsx.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/cannonball.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/cap32.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/chailove.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/crocods.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/dinothawr.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/dirksimple.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/dosbox.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/dosbox_pure.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/dosbox_svn.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/duckstation.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/ecwolf.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/fbalpha.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/fbalpha2012.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/fbalpha2012_cps1.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/fbalpha2012_cps2.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/fbalpha2012_cps3.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/fbalpha2012_neogeo.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/fbneo.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/fceumm.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/fixgb.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/fixnes.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/fmsx.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/freechaf.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/freeintv.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/frodo.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/fuse.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/gambatte.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/gearboy.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/gearcoleco.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/gearsystem.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/genesis_plus_gx.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/genesis_plus_gx_wide.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/gme.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/gong.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/gpsp.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/gw.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/handy.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/hatari.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/jaxe.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/jumpnbump.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/lowresnx.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/lutro.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/mame2000.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/mame2003.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/mame2003_midway.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/mame2003_plus.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/mame2009.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/mednafen_lynx.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/mednafen_ngp.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/mednafen_pce.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/mednafen_pce_fast.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/mednafen_supergrafx.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/mednafen_vb.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/mednafen_wswan.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/mgba.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/minivmac.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/mrboom.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/mu.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/nekop2.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/neocd.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/nestopia.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/np2kai.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/nxengine.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/o2em.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/oberon.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/pcsx_rearmed.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/picodrive.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/pocketcdg.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/pokemini.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/potator.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/prboom.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/prosystem.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/puae.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/puae2021.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/quasi88.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/quicknes.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/race.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/reminiscence.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/retro8.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/retroarch.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/sameboy.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/scummvm.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/sms_plus_gx.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/smsplus.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/snes9x.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/snes9x2002.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/snes9x2005.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/snes9x2005_plus.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/snes9x2010.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/squirreljme.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/stella.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/stella2014.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/supafaust.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/superbroswar.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/swanstation.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/tgbdual.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/theodore.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/tic80.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/tyrquake.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/uzem.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/vaporspec.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/vba_next.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/vecx.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/vice_x128.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/vice_x64.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/vice_x64sc.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/vice_xcbm2.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/vice_xcbm5x0.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/vice_xpet.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/vice_xplus4.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/vice_xscpu64.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/vice_xvic.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/vitaquake2-rogue.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/vitaquake2-xatrix.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/vitaquake2-zaero.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/vitaquake2.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/vitaquake3.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/wasm-4.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/x1.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/x64sdl.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/x_millennium.png
share/libretro/assets/pkg/wiiu/xrick.png
share/libretro/assets/rgui/Blue.cfg
share/libretro/assets/rgui/Fires.cfg
share/libretro/assets/rgui/Fractal Spiral.cfg
share/libretro/assets/rgui/GB - DMG.cfg
share/libretro/assets/rgui/GB - Pocket.cfg
share/libretro/assets/rgui/Game and Watch.cfg
share/libretro/assets/rgui/Leaves.cfg
share/libretro/assets/rgui/Lines.cfg
share/libretro/assets/rgui/MageBoy Color 2.cfg
share/libretro/assets/rgui/MageBoy Color 3.cfg
share/libretro/assets/rgui/MageBoy Color 4.cfg
share/libretro/assets/rgui/MageBoy Color 5.cfg
share/libretro/assets/rgui/MageBoy Color.cfg
share/libretro/assets/rgui/Mermaid Opal.cfg
share/libretro/assets/rgui/Mystery Blocks.cfg
share/libretro/assets/rgui/Night Sky.cfg
share/libretro/assets/rgui/Pac-Man.cfg
share/libretro/assets/rgui/Pinball Arcade.cfg
share/libretro/assets/rgui/Space Invaders.cfg
share/libretro/assets/rgui/Sweetie-16 Dark.cfg
share/libretro/assets/rgui/Sweetie-16.cfg
share/libretro/assets/rgui/Theatre Curtain.cfg
share/libretro/assets/rgui/VT1 - Amber.cfg
share/libretro/assets/rgui/VT1 - Blue.cfg
share/libretro/assets/rgui/VT1 - Green.cfg
share/libretro/assets/rgui/VT2 - Amber.cfg
share/libretro/assets/rgui/VT2 - Blue.cfg
share/libretro/assets/rgui/VT2 - Green.cfg
share/libretro/assets/rgui/font/bitmap10x10_chn.bin
share/libretro/assets/rgui/font/bitmap10x10_chn.txt
share/libretro/assets/rgui/font/bitmap10x10_eng.bin
share/libretro/assets/rgui/font/bitmap10x10_jpn.bin
share/libretro/assets/rgui/font/bitmap10x10_jpn.txt
share/libretro/assets/rgui/font/bitmap10x10_kor.bin
share/libretro/assets/rgui/font/bitmap10x10_kor.txt
share/libretro/assets/rgui/font/bitmap10x10_rus.bin
share/libretro/assets/rgui/font/bitmap6x10_eng.bin
share/libretro/assets/rgui/font/bitmap6x10_lse.bin
share/libretro/assets/rgui/wallpaper/c1902.png
share/libretro/assets/rgui/wallpaper/c1902.txt
share/libretro/assets/rgui/wallpaper/c1902_16_10.png
share/libretro/assets/rgui/wallpaper/c1902_16_9.png
share/libretro/assets/rgui/wallpaper/fractal_spiral.png
share/libretro/assets/rgui/wallpaper/fractal_spiral.txt
share/libretro/assets/rgui/wallpaper/fractal_spiral_16_10.png
share/libretro/assets/rgui/wallpaper/fractal_spiral_16_9.png
share/libretro/assets/rgui/wallpaper/gadsby_blue.png
share/libretro/assets/rgui/wallpaper/gadsby_blue.txt
share/libretro/assets/rgui/wallpaper/gadsby_blue_16_10.png
share/libretro/assets/rgui/wallpaper/gadsby_blue_16_9.png
share/libretro/assets/rgui/wallpaper/gadsby_fires.png
share/libretro/assets/rgui/wallpaper/gadsby_fires.txt
share/libretro/assets/rgui/wallpaper/gadsby_fires_16_10.png
share/libretro/assets/rgui/wallpaper/gadsby_fires_16_9.png
share/libretro/assets/rgui/wallpaper/gadsby_lines.png
share/libretro/assets/rgui/wallpaper/gadsby_lines.txt
share/libretro/assets/rgui/wallpaper/gadsby_lines_16_10.png
share/libretro/assets/rgui/wallpaper/gadsby_lines_16_9.png
share/libretro/assets/rgui/wallpaper/game_and_watch.png
share/libretro/assets/rgui/wallpaper/game_and_watch.txt
share/libretro/assets/rgui/wallpaper/game_and_watch_16_10.png
share/libretro/assets/rgui/wallpaper/game_and_watch_16_9.png
share/libretro/assets/rgui/wallpaper/gb_dmg.png
share/libretro/assets/rgui/wallpaper/gb_dmg.txt
share/libretro/assets/rgui/wallpaper/gb_dmg_16_10.png
share/libretro/assets/rgui/wallpaper/gb_dmg_16_9.png
share/libretro/assets/rgui/wallpaper/gb_pocket.png
share/libretro/assets/rgui/wallpaper/gb_pocket.txt
share/libretro/assets/rgui/wallpaper/gb_pocket_16_10.png
share/libretro/assets/rgui/wallpaper/gb_pocket_16_9.png
share/libretro/assets/rgui/wallpaper/jcpenny.png
share/libretro/assets/rgui/wallpaper/jcpenny.txt
share/libretro/assets/rgui/wallpaper/jcpenny_16_10.png
share/libretro/assets/rgui/wallpaper/jcpenny_16_9.png
share/libretro/assets/rgui/wallpaper/leaves.png
share/libretro/assets/rgui/wallpaper/leaves.txt
share/libretro/assets/rgui/wallpaper/leaves_16_10.png
share/libretro/assets/rgui/wallpaper/leaves_16_9.png
share/libretro/assets/rgui/wallpaper/mageboy_color-2.png
share/libretro/assets/rgui/wallpaper/mageboy_color-2_16_10.png
share/libretro/assets/rgui/wallpaper/mageboy_color-2_16_9.png
share/libretro/assets/rgui/wallpaper/mageboy_color-2_5_3.png
share/libretro/assets/rgui/wallpaper/mageboy_color-3.png
share/libretro/assets/rgui/wallpaper/mageboy_color-3_16_10.png
share/libretro/assets/rgui/wallpaper/mageboy_color-3_16_9.png
share/libretro/assets/rgui/wallpaper/mageboy_color-3_5_3.png
share/libretro/assets/rgui/wallpaper/mageboy_color-4.png
share/libretro/assets/rgui/wallpaper/mageboy_color-4_16_10.png
share/libretro/assets/rgui/wallpaper/mageboy_color-4_16_9.png
share/libretro/assets/rgui/wallpaper/mageboy_color-4_5_3.png
share/libretro/assets/rgui/wallpaper/mageboy_color-5.png
share/libretro/assets/rgui/wallpaper/mageboy_color-5_16_10.png
share/libretro/assets/rgui/wallpaper/mageboy_color-5_16_9.png
share/libretro/assets/rgui/wallpaper/mageboy_color-5_5_3.png
share/libretro/assets/rgui/wallpaper/mageboy_color.png
share/libretro/assets/rgui/wallpaper/mageboy_color.txt
share/libretro/assets/rgui/wallpaper/mageboy_color_16_10.png
share/libretro/assets/rgui/wallpaper/mageboy_color_16_9.png
share/libretro/assets/rgui/wallpaper/mageboy_color_5_3.png
share/libretro/assets/rgui/wallpaper/mermaid_opal.png
share/libretro/assets/rgui/wallpaper/mermaid_opal.txt
share/libretro/assets/rgui/wallpaper/mermaid_opal_16_10.png
share/libretro/assets/rgui/wallpaper/mermaid_opal_16_9.png
share/libretro/assets/rgui/wallpaper/mystery_blocks.png
share/libretro/assets/rgui/wallpaper/mystery_blocks.txt
share/libretro/assets/rgui/wallpaper/mystery_blocks_16_10.png
share/libretro/assets/rgui/wallpaper/mystery_blocks_16_9.png
share/libretro/assets/rgui/wallpaper/night_sky.png
share/libretro/assets/rgui/wallpaper/night_sky.txt
share/libretro/assets/rgui/wallpaper/night_sky_16_10.png
share/libretro/assets/rgui/wallpaper/night_sky_16_9.png
share/libretro/assets/rgui/wallpaper/pac_man.png
share/libretro/assets/rgui/wallpaper/pac_man.txt
share/libretro/assets/rgui/wallpaper/pac_man_16_10.png
share/libretro/assets/rgui/wallpaper/pac_man_16_9.png
share/libretro/assets/rgui/wallpaper/pinball_arcade.png
share/libretro/assets/rgui/wallpaper/pinball_arcade.txt
share/libretro/assets/rgui/wallpaper/pinball_arcade_16_10.png
share/libretro/assets/rgui/wallpaper/pinball_arcade_16_9.png
share/libretro/assets/rgui/wallpaper/space_invaders.png
share/libretro/assets/rgui/wallpaper/space_invaders.txt
share/libretro/assets/rgui/wallpaper/space_invaders_16_10.png
share/libretro/assets/rgui/wallpaper/space_invaders_16_9.png
share/libretro/assets/rgui/wallpaper/sweetie16.png
share/libretro/assets/rgui/wallpaper/sweetie16_16_10.png
share/libretro/assets/rgui/wallpaper/sweetie16_16_9.png
share/libretro/assets/rgui/wallpaper/sweetie16dark.png
share/libretro/assets/rgui/wallpaper/sweetie16dark_16_10.png
share/libretro/assets/rgui/wallpaper/sweetie16dark_16_9.png
share/libretro/assets/rgui/wallpaper/theatre_curtain.png
share/libretro/assets/rgui/wallpaper/theatre_curtain.txt
share/libretro/assets/rgui/wallpaper/theatre_curtain_16_10.png
share/libretro/assets/rgui/wallpaper/theatre_curtain_16_9.png
share/libretro/assets/scripts/xmb-NPMApng2PMApng.py
share/libretro/assets/scripts/xmb-convert.sh
share/libretro/assets/sounds/Licence.txt
share/libretro/assets/sounds/README.md
share/libretro/assets/sounds/bgm.ogg
share/libretro/assets/sounds/cancel.ogg
share/libretro/assets/sounds/down.ogg
share/libretro/assets/sounds/launch.ogg
share/libretro/assets/sounds/notice.ogg
share/libretro/assets/sounds/notice_back.ogg
share/libretro/assets/sounds/ok.ogg
share/libretro/assets/sounds/unlock.ogg
share/libretro/assets/sounds/up.ogg
share/libretro/assets/switch/menu_retroarch/RetroArch.png
share/libretro/assets/switch/menu_retroarch/RetroArch_Splash.png
share/libretro/assets/switch/menu_retroarch/Retro_NX_Wallpaper_25.png
share/libretro/assets/switch/menu_retroarch/menu_bg_blank.png
share/libretro/assets/switch/menu_retroarch/menu_nx.png
share/libretro/assets/switch/menu_retroarch/menu_transparent.png
share/libretro/assets/switch/menu_retroarch/menu_transparent_2.png
share/libretro/assets/switch/menu_retroarch/retronx_menu_bg_blank.png
share/libretro/assets/switch/nxrgui.ttf
share/libretro/assets/switch/retroarch.jpg
share/libretro/assets/switch/retroarch_hbmenu.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/bichromatic pads/1440x900/Arcade.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/bichromatic pads/1440x900/Atari - 2600.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/bichromatic pads/1440x900/Atari - 7800.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/bichromatic pads/1440x900/Atari - Jaguar.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/bichromatic pads/1440x900/Atari - Lynx.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/bichromatic pads/1440x900/Bandai - WonderSwan Color.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/bichromatic pads/1440x900/Bandai - WonderSwan.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/bichromatic pads/1440x900/Coleco - ColecoVision.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/bichromatic pads/1440x900/DOOM.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/bichromatic pads/1440x900/Favorites.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/bichromatic pads/1440x900/GCE - Vectrex.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/bichromatic pads/1440x900/History.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/bichromatic pads/1440x900/MAME.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/bichromatic pads/1440x900/MENU .png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/bichromatic pads/1440x900/Magnavox - Odyssey2.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/bichromatic pads/1440x900/Microsoft - Xbox.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/bichromatic pads/1440x900/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/bichromatic pads/1440x900/NEC - PC Engine SuperGrafx.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/bichromatic pads/1440x900/NEC - PC-FX.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/bichromatic pads/1440x900/Nintendo - Famicom.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/bichromatic pads/1440x900/Nintendo - Family Computer Disk System.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/bichromatic pads/1440x900/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/bichromatic pads/1440x900/Nintendo - Game Boy Color.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/bichromatic pads/1440x900/Nintendo - Game Boy.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/bichromatic pads/1440x900/Nintendo - Gamecube.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/bichromatic pads/1440x900/Nintendo - Nintendo 64.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/bichromatic pads/1440x900/Nintendo - Nintendo DS.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/bichromatic pads/1440x900/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/bichromatic pads/1440x900/Nintendo - Super Famicom.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/bichromatic pads/1440x900/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/bichromatic pads/1440x900/Nintendo - Virtual Boy.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/bichromatic pads/1440x900/Quake.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/bichromatic pads/1440x900/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket Color.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/bichromatic pads/1440x900/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/bichromatic pads/1440x900/SNK - NeoGeo Pocket Color.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/bichromatic pads/1440x900/SNK - NeoGeo Pocket.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/bichromatic pads/1440x900/Sega - 32X.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/bichromatic pads/1440x900/Sega - Dreamcast.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/bichromatic pads/1440x900/Sega - Game Gear.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/bichromatic pads/1440x900/Sega - Master System - Mark III.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/bichromatic pads/1440x900/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/bichromatic pads/1440x900/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/bichromatic pads/1440x900/Sega - SG-1000.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/bichromatic pads/1440x900/Sega - Saturn.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/bichromatic pads/1440x900/Sony - PlayStation 2.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/bichromatic pads/1440x900/Sony - PlayStation Portable.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/bichromatic pads/1440x900/Sony - PlayStation.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/bichromatic pads/1440x900/The 3DO Company - 3DO.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/blurred-consoles/Atari - 2600.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/blurred-consoles/Atari - 7800.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/blurred-consoles/Atari - Jaguar.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/blurred-consoles/Atari - Lynx.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/blurred-consoles/GCE - Vectrex.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/blurred-consoles/Magnavox - Odyssey2.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/blurred-consoles/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/blurred-consoles/NEC - PC Engine SuperGrafx.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/blurred-consoles/Nintendo - Family Computer Disk System.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/blurred-consoles/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/blurred-consoles/Nintendo - Game Boy Color.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/blurred-consoles/Nintendo - Game Boy.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/blurred-consoles/Nintendo - Gamecube.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/blurred-consoles/Nintendo - Nintendo 64.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/blurred-consoles/Nintendo - Nintendo DS.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/blurred-consoles/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/blurred-consoles/Nintendo - Super Famicom.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/blurred-consoles/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/blurred-consoles/Sega - 32X.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/blurred-consoles/Sega - Dreamcast.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/blurred-consoles/Sega - Game Gear.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/blurred-consoles/Sega - Master System - Mark III.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/blurred-consoles/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/blurred-consoles/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/blurred-consoles/Sega - SG-1000.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/blurred-consoles/Sega - Saturn.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/blurred-consoles/Sony - PlayStation.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/emulationstation blured/1280x720/Amstrad - CPC.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/emulationstation blured/1280x720/Apple - Apple II.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/emulationstation blured/1280x720/Apple - Macintosh.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/emulationstation blured/1280x720/Atari - 2600.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/emulationstation blured/1280x720/Atari - 5200.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/emulationstation blured/1280x720/Atari - 7800.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/emulationstation blured/1280x720/Atari - 8-bit.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/emulationstation blured/1280x720/Atari - Falcon.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/emulationstation blured/1280x720/Atari - Jaguar CD.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/emulationstation blured/1280x720/Atari - Jaguar.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/emulationstation blured/1280x720/Atari - Lynx.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/emulationstation blured/1280x720/Atari - ST.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/emulationstation blured/1280x720/Atari - XE .png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/emulationstation blured/1280x720/Bandai - WonderSwan Color.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/emulationstation blured/1280x720/Bandai - WonderSwan.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/emulationstation blured/1280x720/Coleco - ColecoVision.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/emulationstation blured/1280x720/Commodore - Amiga.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/emulationstation blured/1280x720/Commodore - Commodore 64.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/emulationstation blured/1280x720/FBNeo - Arcade Games.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/emulationstation blured/1280x720/GCE - Vectrex.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/emulationstation blured/1280x720/Handheld Electronic Game.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/emulationstation blured/1280x720/MAME.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/emulationstation blured/1280x720/Magnavox - Odyssey2.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/emulationstation blured/1280x720/Mattel - Intellivision.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/emulationstation blured/1280x720/Microsoft - MSX.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/emulationstation blured/1280x720/Microsoft - MSX2.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/emulationstation blured/1280x720/Microsoft - XBox.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/emulationstation blured/1280x720/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/emulationstation blured/1280x720/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/emulationstation blured/1280x720/NEC - PC Engine SuperGrafx.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/emulationstation blured/1280x720/NEC - PC-FX.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/emulationstation blured/1280x720/Nintendo - Family Computer Disk System.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/emulationstation blured/1280x720/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/emulationstation blured/1280x720/Nintendo - Game Boy Color.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/emulationstation blured/1280x720/Nintendo - Game Boy.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/emulationstation blured/1280x720/Nintendo - GameCube.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/emulationstation blured/1280x720/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/emulationstation blured/1280x720/Nintendo - Nintendo 64.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/emulationstation blured/1280x720/Nintendo - Nintendo DS.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/emulationstation blured/1280x720/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/emulationstation blured/1280x720/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/emulationstation blured/1280x720/Nintendo - Virtual Boy.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/emulationstation blured/1280x720/Nintendo - Wii.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/emulationstation blured/1280x720/SNK - Neo Geo CD.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/emulationstation blured/1280x720/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket Color.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/emulationstation blured/1280x720/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/emulationstation blured/1280x720/SNK - Neo Geo.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/emulationstation blured/1280x720/ScummVM.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/emulationstation blured/1280x720/Sega - 32X.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/emulationstation blured/1280x720/Sega - Dreamcast.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/emulationstation blured/1280x720/Sega - Game Gear.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/emulationstation blured/1280x720/Sega - Master System - Mark III.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/emulationstation blured/1280x720/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/emulationstation blured/1280x720/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/emulationstation blured/1280x720/Sega - SG-1000.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/emulationstation blured/1280x720/Sega - Saturn.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/emulationstation blured/1280x720/Sinclair - ZX Spectrum +3.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/emulationstation blured/1280x720/Sony - PlayStation 2.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/emulationstation blured/1280x720/Sony - PlayStation Portable.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/emulationstation blured/1280x720/Sony - PlayStation.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/emulationstation blured/1280x720/The 3DO Company - 3DO.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/nosh/1920x1080/Amstrad - GX4000.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/nosh/1920x1080/Atari - 2600.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/nosh/1920x1080/Atari - 5200.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/nosh/1920x1080/Atari - 7800.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/nosh/1920x1080/Atari - Jaguar.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/nosh/1920x1080/Atari - Lynx.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/nosh/1920x1080/Atari - ST.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/nosh/1920x1080/Bally - Astrocade.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/nosh/1920x1080/Bandai - Super Vision 8000.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/nosh/1920x1080/Bandai - WonderSwan Color.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/nosh/1920x1080/Bandai - WonderSwan.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/nosh/1920x1080/Casio - PV-1000.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/nosh/1920x1080/Coleco - ColecoVision.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/nosh/1920x1080/Commodore - 64.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/nosh/1920x1080/Commodore - Amiga.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/nosh/1920x1080/Commodore - Plus-4.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/nosh/1920x1080/Commodore - VIC-20.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/nosh/1920x1080/Creatronic - Mega Duck.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/nosh/1920x1080/Doom.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/nosh/1920x1080/Emerson - Arcadia 2001.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/nosh/1920x1080/Entex - Adventure Vision.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/nosh/1920x1080/Epoch - Super Cassette Vision.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/nosh/1920x1080/Fairchild - Channel F.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/nosh/1920x1080/Funtech - Super Acan.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/nosh/1920x1080/GCE - Vectrex.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/nosh/1920x1080/Handheld Electronic Game.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/nosh/1920x1080/Hartung - Game Master.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/nosh/1920x1080/MAME.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/nosh/1920x1080/MENU.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/nosh/1920x1080/Magnavox - Odyssey 2.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/nosh/1920x1080/Mattel - Intellivision.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/nosh/1920x1080/Microsoft - MSX.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/nosh/1920x1080/Microsoft - MSX2.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/nosh/1920x1080/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/nosh/1920x1080/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/nosh/1920x1080/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD (J).png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/nosh/1920x1080/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/nosh/1920x1080/NEC - PC Engine SuperGrafx.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/nosh/1920x1080/NEC - PC-FX.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/nosh/1920x1080/Nintendo - Family Computer Disk System.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/nosh/1920x1080/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/nosh/1920x1080/Nintendo - Game Boy Color.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/nosh/1920x1080/Nintendo - Game Boy.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/nosh/1920x1080/Nintendo - Nintendo 64.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/nosh/1920x1080/Nintendo - Nintendo 64DD.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/nosh/1920x1080/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System (J).png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/nosh/1920x1080/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/nosh/1920x1080/Nintendo - Pokemon Mini.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/nosh/1920x1080/Nintendo - Satellaview.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/nosh/1920x1080/Nintendo - Sufami Turbo.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/nosh/1920x1080/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System (J).png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/nosh/1920x1080/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/nosh/1920x1080/Nintendo - Virtual Boy.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/nosh/1920x1080/Philips - VG 5000.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/nosh/1920x1080/Philips - Videopac+.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/nosh/1920x1080/Quake1.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/nosh/1920x1080/RCA - Studio II.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/nosh/1920x1080/SNK - Neo Geo CD.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/nosh/1920x1080/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket Color.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/nosh/1920x1080/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/nosh/1920x1080/SNK - Neo Geo.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/nosh/1920x1080/ScummVM.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/nosh/1920x1080/Sega - 32X (J).png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/nosh/1920x1080/Sega - 32X.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/nosh/1920x1080/Sega - Dreamcast.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/nosh/1920x1080/Sega - Game Gear.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/nosh/1920x1080/Sega - Master System - Mark III (J).png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/nosh/1920x1080/Sega - Master System - Mark III.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/nosh/1920x1080/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis (J).png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/nosh/1920x1080/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/nosh/1920x1080/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD (J).png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/nosh/1920x1080/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/nosh/1920x1080/Sega - PICO.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/nosh/1920x1080/Sega - SG-1000.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/nosh/1920x1080/Sega - Saturn.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/nosh/1920x1080/Sony - PlayStation.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/nosh/1920x1080/The 3DO Company - 3DO.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/nosh/1920x1080/Tiger - Game.com.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/nosh/1920x1080/Tomb Raider.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/nosh/1920x1080/Vtech - CreatiVision.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/nosh/1920x1080/Watara - Supervision.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/posterized consoles/1440x900/Atari - 2600.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/posterized consoles/1440x900/Atari - Lynx.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/posterized consoles/1440x900/Cave Story.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/posterized consoles/1440x900/ColecoVision.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/posterized consoles/1440x900/DOS.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/posterized consoles/1440x900/MAME.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/posterized consoles/1440x900/MENU .png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/posterized consoles/1440x900/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/posterized consoles/1440x900/NEC - PC Engine SuperGrafx.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/posterized consoles/1440x900/NEC - PC-FX.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/posterized consoles/1440x900/Nintendo - Game Boy Color.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/posterized consoles/1440x900/Nintendo - Game Boy.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/posterized consoles/1440x900/Nintendo - Nintendo 64.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/posterized consoles/1440x900/Nintendo - Nintendo DS.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/posterized consoles/1440x900/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/posterized consoles/1440x900/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/posterized consoles/1440x900/Sega - Master System - Mark III.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/posterized consoles/1440x900/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/posterized consoles/1440x900/Sinclair - ZX Spectrum +3.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/posterized consoles/1440x900/Sony - PlayStation Portable.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/posterized consoles/1440x900/Sony - PlayStation.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/rgui/libretro_dynamic/Arcade Games.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/rgui/libretro_dynamic/Arcade Games_16_10.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/rgui/libretro_dynamic/Atari - 2600.cfg
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/rgui/libretro_dynamic/Atari - 2600.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/rgui/libretro_dynamic/Atari - 2600_16_10.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/rgui/libretro_dynamic/Atari - 5200.cfg
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/rgui/libretro_dynamic/Atari - 5200.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/rgui/libretro_dynamic/Atari - 5200_16_10.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/rgui/libretro_dynamic/Atari - 7800.cfg
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/rgui/libretro_dynamic/Atari - 7800.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/rgui/libretro_dynamic/Atari - 7800_16_10.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/rgui/libretro_dynamic/Atari - Jaguar.cfg
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/rgui/libretro_dynamic/Atari - Jaguar.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/rgui/libretro_dynamic/Atari - Jaguar_16_10.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/rgui/libretro_dynamic/Atari - Lynx.cfg
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/rgui/libretro_dynamic/Atari - Lynx.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/rgui/libretro_dynamic/Atari - Lynx_16_10.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/rgui/libretro_dynamic/Bandai - WonderSwan Color.cfg
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/rgui/libretro_dynamic/Bandai - WonderSwan Color.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/rgui/libretro_dynamic/Bandai - WonderSwan Color_16_10.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/rgui/libretro_dynamic/Coleco - ColecoVision.cfg
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/rgui/libretro_dynamic/Coleco - ColecoVision.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/rgui/libretro_dynamic/Coleco - ColecoVision_16_10.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/rgui/libretro_dynamic/DOS.cfg
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/rgui/libretro_dynamic/DOS.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/rgui/libretro_dynamic/DOS_16_10.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/rgui/libretro_dynamic/Default.cfg
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/rgui/libretro_dynamic/Default.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/rgui/libretro_dynamic/Default_16_10.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/rgui/libretro_dynamic/FB Alpha - Arcade Games.cfg
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/rgui/libretro_dynamic/FB Alpha - Arcade Games.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/rgui/libretro_dynamic/FB Alpha - Arcade Games_16_10.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/rgui/libretro_dynamic/Favorites.cfg
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/rgui/libretro_dynamic/Favorites.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/rgui/libretro_dynamic/Favorites_16_10.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/rgui/libretro_dynamic/GCE - Vectrex.cfg
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/rgui/libretro_dynamic/GCE - Vectrex.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/rgui/libretro_dynamic/GCE - Vectrex_16_10.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/rgui/libretro_dynamic/Handheld Electronic Game.cfg
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/rgui/libretro_dynamic/Handheld Electronic Game.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/rgui/libretro_dynamic/Handheld Electronic Game_16_10.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/rgui/libretro_dynamic/History.cfg
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/rgui/libretro_dynamic/History.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/rgui/libretro_dynamic/History_16_10.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/rgui/libretro_dynamic/Magnavox - Odyssey2.cfg
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/rgui/libretro_dynamic/Magnavox - Odyssey2.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/rgui/libretro_dynamic/Magnavox - Odyssey2_16_10.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/rgui/libretro_dynamic/Mattel - Intellivision.cfg
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/rgui/libretro_dynamic/Mattel - Intellivision.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/rgui/libretro_dynamic/Mattel - Intellivision_16_10.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/rgui/libretro_dynamic/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16.cfg
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/rgui/libretro_dynamic/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/rgui/libretro_dynamic/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16_16_10.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/rgui/libretro_dynamic/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance.cfg
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/rgui/libretro_dynamic/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/rgui/libretro_dynamic/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance_16_10.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/rgui/libretro_dynamic/Nintendo - Game Boy Color.cfg
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/rgui/libretro_dynamic/Nintendo - Game Boy Color.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/rgui/libretro_dynamic/Nintendo - Game Boy Color_16_10.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/rgui/libretro_dynamic/Nintendo - Game Boy.cfg
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/rgui/libretro_dynamic/Nintendo - Game Boy.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/rgui/libretro_dynamic/Nintendo - Game Boy_16_10.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/rgui/libretro_dynamic/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System.cfg
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/rgui/libretro_dynamic/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/rgui/libretro_dynamic/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System_16_10.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/rgui/libretro_dynamic/Nintendo - Pokemon Mini.cfg
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/rgui/libretro_dynamic/Nintendo - Pokemon Mini.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/rgui/libretro_dynamic/Nintendo - Pokemon Mini_16_10.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/rgui/libretro_dynamic/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System.cfg
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/rgui/libretro_dynamic/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/rgui/libretro_dynamic/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System_16_10.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/rgui/libretro_dynamic/Nintendo - Virtual Boy.cfg
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/rgui/libretro_dynamic/Nintendo - Virtual Boy.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/rgui/libretro_dynamic/Nintendo - Virtual Boy_16_10.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/rgui/libretro_dynamic/Sega - 32X.cfg
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/rgui/libretro_dynamic/Sega - 32X.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/rgui/libretro_dynamic/Sega - 32X_16_10.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/rgui/libretro_dynamic/Sega - Game Gear.cfg
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/rgui/libretro_dynamic/Sega - Game Gear.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/rgui/libretro_dynamic/Sega - Game Gear_16_10.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/rgui/libretro_dynamic/Sega - Master System - Mark III.cfg
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/rgui/libretro_dynamic/Sega - Master System - Mark III.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/rgui/libretro_dynamic/Sega - Master System - Mark III_16_10.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/rgui/libretro_dynamic/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis.cfg
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/rgui/libretro_dynamic/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/rgui/libretro_dynamic/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis_16_10.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/rgui/libretro_dynamic/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD.cfg
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/rgui/libretro_dynamic/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/rgui/libretro_dynamic/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD_16_10.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/rgui/libretro_dynamic/Sega - SG-1000.cfg
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/rgui/libretro_dynamic/Sega - SG-1000.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/rgui/libretro_dynamic/Sega - SG-1000_16_10.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/rgui/libretro_dynamic/Sony - PlayStation.cfg
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/rgui/libretro_dynamic/Sony - PlayStation.png
share/libretro/assets/wallpapers/rgui/libretro_dynamic/Sony - PlayStation_16_10.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/README.md
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/font.ttf
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/1292 Advanced Programmable Video System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/1292 Advanced Programmable Video System.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/2048-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/2048.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/ACT - Apricot PC Xi-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/ACT - Apricot PC Xi.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/APF - Imagination Machine-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/APF - Imagination Machine.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/APF - MP-1000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/APF - MP-1000.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Acorn - Archimedes-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Acorn - Archimedes.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Acorn - Atom (Tapes).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Acorn - Atom-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Acorn - Atom.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Acorn - BBC Micro-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Acorn - BBC Micro.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Acorn - Risc PC-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Acorn - Risc PC.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Amazon - Fire TV (2nd Gen).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Amazon - Fire TV (3rd Gen).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Amazon - Fire TV Cube.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Amazon - Fire TV-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Amazon - Fire TV.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Amazon - Luna-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Amazon - Luna.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Amstrad - CPC-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Amstrad - CPC.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Amstrad - GX4000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Amstrad - GX4000.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Apple - I (Tapes)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Apple - I (Tapes).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Apple - I-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Apple - I.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Apple - II Plus-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Apple - II Plus.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Apple - II-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Apple - II.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Apple - IIGS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Apple - IIGS.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Apple - IIe-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Apple - IIe.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Apple - Macintosh (BETA)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Apple - Macintosh (BETA).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Apple - Macintosh-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Apple - Macintosh.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Apple-Bandai - Pippin-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Apple-Bandai - Pippin.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Arduboy Inc - Arduboy-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Arduboy Inc - Arduboy.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Atari - 2600 637.75000.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Atari - 2600 CX2600A.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Atari - 2600 CX2600JR.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Atari - 2600 CX2700.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Atari - 2600 Flashback 2.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Atari - 2600 Flashback.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Atari - 2600-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Atari - 2600.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Atari - 5200-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Atari - 5200.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Atari - 7800-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Atari - 7800.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Atari - 8-bit-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Atari - 8-bit.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Atari - Jaguar CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Atari - Jaguar CD.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Atari - Jaguar-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Atari - Jaguar.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Atari - Lynx PAG-0401.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Atari - Lynx-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Atari - Lynx.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Atari - Pong C-140.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Atari - Pong C-200.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Atari - Pong-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Atari - Pong.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Atari - ST (Tapes)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Atari - ST (Tapes).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Atari - ST-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Atari - ST.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Atari - VCS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Atari - VCS.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Atari - XEGS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Atari - XEGS.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Atomiswave-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Atomiswave.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/BBC - Bridge Companion-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/BBC - Bridge Companion.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Bally - Astrocade (Tapes)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Bally - Astrocade (Tapes).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Bally - Astrocade-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Bally - Astrocade.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Bandai - Design Master Denshi Mangajuku-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Bandai - Design Master Denshi Mangajuku.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Bandai - Gundam RX-78-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Bandai - Gundam RX-78.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Bandai - Playdia-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Bandai - Playdia.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Bandai - Super Vision 8000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Bandai - Super Vision 8000.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Bandai - Terebikko-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Bandai - Terebikko.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Bandai - WonderSwan Color WSC-001.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Bandai - WonderSwan Color-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Bandai - WonderSwan Color.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Bandai - WonderSwan-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Bandai - WonderSwan.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Benesse - Pocket Challenge V2-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Benesse - Pocket Challenge V2.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Benesse - Pocket Challenge W-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Benesse - Pocket Challenge W.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Bit Corporation - Gamate-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Bit Corporation - Gamate.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/CHIP-8-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/CHIP-8.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Cannonball-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Cannonball.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Capcom - CP System I-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Capcom - CP System I.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Capcom - CP System II-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Capcom - CP System II.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Capcom - CP System III CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Capcom - CP System III-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Capcom - CP System III-content_combo.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Capcom - CP System III-content_mobo.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Capcom - CP System III.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Casio - Loopy-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Casio - Loopy.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Casio - PV-1000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Casio - PV-1000.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Cave Story-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Cave Story.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/ChaiLove-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/ChaiLove.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Coleco - ColecoVision ADAM-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Coleco - ColecoVision ADAM.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Coleco - ColecoVision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Coleco - ColecoVision.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Coleco - Telstar 6030.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Coleco - Telstar 6040.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Coleco - Telstar 6045.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Coleco - Telstar 6065.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Coleco - Telstar 6071.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Coleco - Telstar 6135.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Commodore - 128-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Commodore - 128.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Commodore - 64 (PP)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Commodore - 64 (PP).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Commodore - 64 (Tapes)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Commodore - 64 (Tapes).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Commodore - 64 64C.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Commodore - 64 Games System.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Commodore - 64-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Commodore - 64.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Commodore - Amiga-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Commodore - Amiga.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Commodore - CD32-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Commodore - CD32.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Commodore - CDTV-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Commodore - CDTV.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Commodore - PET-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Commodore - PET.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Commodore - Plus-4-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Commodore - Plus-4.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Commodore - VIC-20-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Commodore - VIC-20.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Connor - VideoSmarts-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Connor - VideoSmarts.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/DOOM-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/DOOM.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/DOS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/DOS.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Digital Media Cartridge - Firecore Portable 2.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Digital Media Cartridge - Firecore-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Digital Media Cartridge - Firecore.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Dinothawr-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Dinothawr.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Dungeon Crawl Stone Soup-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Dungeon Crawl Stone Soup.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Emerson - Arcadia 2001-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Emerson - Arcadia 2001.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Entex - Adventure Vision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Entex - Adventure Vision.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Entex - Select-A-Game-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Entex - Select-A-Game.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Epoch - Cassette Vision Jr.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Epoch - Cassette Vision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Epoch - Cassette Vision.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Epoch - Game Pocket Computer-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Epoch - Game Pocket Computer.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Epoch - Super Cassette Vision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Epoch - Super Cassette Vision.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Epoch - TV Tennis Electrotennis-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Epoch - TV Tennis Electrotennis.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/FBNeo - Arcade Games-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/FBNeo - Arcade Games.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/FFmpeg-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/FFmpeg.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Fairchild - Channel F System II.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Fairchild - Channel F-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Fairchild - Channel F.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Flashback-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Flashback.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Fujitsu - FM Towns Marty-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Fujitsu - FM Towns Marty.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Fujitsu - FM Towns-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Fujitsu - FM Towns.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Fujitsu - FM-7 (Tapes)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Fujitsu - FM-7 (Tapes).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Fujitsu - FM-7-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Fujitsu - FM-7.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Fukutake Publishing - StudyBox-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Fukutake Publishing - StudyBox.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Funtech - Super Acan-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Funtech - Super Acan.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/GCE - Vectrex-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/GCE - Vectrex.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Gakken - Compact Vision TV Boy-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Gakken - Compact Vision TV Boy.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Game-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Game.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/GamePark - Caanoo.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/GamePark - GP2X (Digital)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/GamePark - GP2X (Digital).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/GamePark - GP2X F200.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/GamePark - GP2X Wiz.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/GamePark - GP2X-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/GamePark - GP2X.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/GamePark - GP32-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/GamePark - GP32.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Google - Nexus Player-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Google - Nexus Player.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Google - Stadia-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Google - Stadia.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/HBMAME-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/HBMAME.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Handheld Electronic Game-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Handheld Electronic Game.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Hartung - Game Master-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Hartung - Game Master.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Hitachi - S1-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Hitachi - S1.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Infocom - Z-Machine-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Infocom - Z-Machine.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Intellivision - Amico-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Intellivision - Amico.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Interton - VC 4000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Interton - VC 4000.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Interton - Video 2000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Interton - Video 2000.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Jump 'n Bump-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Jump 'n Bump.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Konami - Picno-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Konami - Picno.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/LJN - Video Art.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/LeapFrog - Explorer-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/LeapFrog - Explorer.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/LeapFrog - LeapPad-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/LeapFrog - LeapPad.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/LeapFrog - Leapster Learning Game System 1.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/LeapFrog - Leapster Learning Game System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/LeapFrog - Leapster Learning Game System.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/LeapFrog - My First LeapPad-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/LeapFrog - My First LeapPad.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Libretro - Pad.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/LowRes NX-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/LowRes NX.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Lutro-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Lutro.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Luxor - ABC 800-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Luxor - ABC 800.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/MAME 2000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/MAME 2000.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/MAME 2003-Plus-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/MAME 2003-Plus.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/MAME 2003-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/MAME 2003.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/MAME 2010-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/MAME 2010.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/MAME 2015-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/MAME 2015.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/MAME 2016-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/MAME 2016.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/MAME-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/MAME.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Magnavox - Odyssey 100.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Magnavox - Odyssey 200.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Magnavox - Odyssey 2000.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Magnavox - Odyssey 2001.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Magnavox - Odyssey 2100.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Magnavox - Odyssey 300.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Magnavox - Odyssey 3000.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Magnavox - Odyssey 400.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Magnavox - Odyssey 4000.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Magnavox - Odyssey 500.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Magnavox - Odyssey-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Magnavox - Odyssey.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Magnavox - Odyssey2-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Magnavox - Odyssey2.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Mattel - HyperScan Alt.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Mattel - HyperScan-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Mattel - HyperScan.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Mattel - Intellivision 49-75011.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Mattel - Intellivision 5872.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Mattel - Intellivision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Mattel - Intellivision.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/MicroW8-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/MicroW8.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Microsoft - MSX-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Microsoft - MSX.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Microsoft - MSX2-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Microsoft - MSX2.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Microsoft - Xbox 360 (Digital)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Microsoft - Xbox 360 (Digital).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Microsoft - Xbox 360 E T.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Microsoft - Xbox 360 E.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Microsoft - Xbox 360 S T.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Microsoft - Xbox 360 S.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Microsoft - Xbox 360 T.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Microsoft - Xbox 360-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Microsoft - Xbox 360.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Microsoft - Xbox One S T.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Microsoft - Xbox One S.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Microsoft - Xbox One X K.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Microsoft - Xbox One-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Microsoft - Xbox One.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Microsoft - Xbox Series X-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Microsoft - Xbox Series X.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Microsoft - Xbox-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Microsoft - Xbox.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Milton Bradley - Microvision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Milton Bradley - Microvision.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Minecraft-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Minecraft.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/MrBoom-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/MrBoom.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16 HES-EXP-01 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16 HES-TGX-01 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16 PI-TG2 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16 PI-TG3 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16 PI-TG7 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16 PI-TG9 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD CDR-30 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD HES-CDR-01 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD HES-DUO-01 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD PI-CD1 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/NEC - PC Engine SuperGrafx-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/NEC - PC Engine SuperGrafx.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/NEC - PC-98-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/NEC - PC-98.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/NEC - PC-FX-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/NEC - PC-FX.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Neo Geo-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Neo Geo.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Nichibutsu - My Vision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Nichibutsu - My Vision.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Nintendo - Color TV-Game CTG-15V.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Nintendo - Color TV-Game CTG-6.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Nintendo - Color TV-Game CTG-BK6.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Nintendo - Color TV-Game CTG-CR112.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Nintendo - Color TV-Game CTG-HC10.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Nintendo - Family Computer Disk System AN500.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Nintendo - Family Computer Disk System AN505.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Nintendo - Family Computer Disk System HVC-101.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Nintendo - Family Computer Disk System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Nintendo - Family Computer Disk System.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance (e-Reader)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance (e-Reader).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGS-001.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance OXY-001.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Nintendo - Game Boy Color-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Nintendo - Game Boy Color.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Nintendo - Game Boy MGB-001.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Nintendo - Game Boy-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Nintendo - Game Boy.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Nintendo - GameCube SL-GC10.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Nintendo - GameCube-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Nintendo - GameCube.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS JAN-001.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS KTR-001.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (DLC)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (DLC).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (Digital)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (Digital).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS CTR-001.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS FTR-001.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Nintendo - Nintendo 64-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Nintendo - Nintendo 64.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Nintendo - Nintendo 64DD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Nintendo - Nintendo 64DD.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Nintendo - Nintendo DS (Download Play)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Nintendo - Nintendo DS (Download Play).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Nintendo - Nintendo DS Decrypted-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Nintendo - Nintendo DS Decrypted.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Nintendo - Nintendo DS NTR-001.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Nintendo - Nintendo DS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Nintendo - Nintendo DS.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi (DLC)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi (DLC).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi Decrypted-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi Decrypted.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi TWL-001.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System HVC-001.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System HVC-101.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System NES-101.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System-content (J).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Nintendo - Pokemon Mini-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Nintendo - Pokemon Mini.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Nintendo - Satellaview-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Nintendo - Satellaview.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Nintendo - Sufami Turbo SHVC-101.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Nintendo - Sufami Turbo SNS-001.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Nintendo - Sufami Turbo SNS-101.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Nintendo - Sufami Turbo-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Nintendo - Sufami Turbo.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System SHVC-101.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System SNS-001.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System SNS-101.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System SNSP-001.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System-content (1) (U).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System-content (2) (U).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System-content (E).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Nintendo - Switch HAC-001.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Nintendo - Switch HAC-007.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Nintendo - Switch HDH-001.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Nintendo - Switch-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Nintendo - Switch.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Nintendo - Virtual Boy-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Nintendo - Virtual Boy.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Nintendo - Wii (Digital)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Nintendo - Wii (Digital).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Nintendo - Wii RVL-001 T.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Nintendo - Wii RVL-201.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Nintendo - Wii U WUP-001 T.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Nintendo - Wii U-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Nintendo - Wii U.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Nintendo - Wii-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Nintendo - Wii.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Nintendo - e-Reader-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Nintendo - e-Reader.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Nokia - N-Gage QD.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Nokia - N-Gage-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Nokia - N-Gage.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Nvidia - Shield Portable-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Nvidia - Shield Portable.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Nvidia - Shield TV P3430.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Nvidia - Shield TV.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Ouya - Ouya.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/PC-50X - Palladium Tele Cassetten Game 825-530.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/PC-50X - Palladium Tele Cassetten Game 825-581.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/PC-50X - SHG Black Point FS-1003.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Palmtex - Super Micro-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Palmtex - Super Micro.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Panic - Playdate.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Philips - CD-i-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Philips - CD-i.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Philips - Tele-Game ES-2203.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Philips - Tele-Game.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Philips - Videopac+-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Philips - Videopac+.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Pioneer - LaserActive.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Pioneer - Laseractive-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/PlayJam - Game Stick.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/PuzzleScript-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/PuzzleScript.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Quake II-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Quake II.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Quake III-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Quake III.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Quake-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Quake.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/RCA - Studio II-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/RCA - Studio II.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/RPG Maker-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/RPG Maker.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Rick Dangerous-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Rick Dangerous.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/SNK - Neo Geo CD Tray.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/SNK - Neo Geo CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/SNK - Neo Geo CD.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/SNK - Neo Geo CDZ.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/SNK - Neo Geo Mini.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket Color.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/SNK - Neo Geo X-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/SNK - Neo Geo X.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/SNK - Neo Geo-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/SNK - Neo Geo.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/SSD - Xavixport-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/SSD - Xavixport.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/ScummVM-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/ScummVM.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sega - 32X MK-1601-84000 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sega - 32X Neptune (U).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sega - 32X-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sega - 32X.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sega - Beena-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sega - Beena.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sega - Chihiro-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sega - Chihiro.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sega - Dreamcast-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sega - Dreamcast.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sega - Game Gear-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sega - Game Gear.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sega - Master System - Mark III MK-3006.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sega - Master System - Mark III SG-1000M3 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sega - Master System - Mark III-content (J).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sega - Master System - Mark III-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sega - Master System - Mark III.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis (Kr).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis FB3680.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis HAA-2502 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis HAA-2510 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis HMJ-0300 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis MK-1461 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis MK-1631 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis MK-6100 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis-content (J).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD CSD-GM1 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD HAA-2502-2912 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD HAA-2510-2910 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD HAA-2510-2912 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD MK-1601-1690 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD MK-1601-4102 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD MK-1631-4102 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD RG-M1 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD RG-M2 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sega - Naomi 2-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sega - Naomi 2.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sega - Naomi-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sega - Naomi.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sega - PICO-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sega - PICO.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sega - SG-1000 II.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sega - SG-1000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sega - SG-1000.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sega - Saturn HST-3200 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sega - Saturn MMP-1000NV-NX-4YD.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sega - Saturn MMP-1000NV.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sega - Saturn Pluto (U).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sega - Saturn-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sega - Saturn.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sega - VMU.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sega - Video Driver-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sega - Video Driver.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sharp - X1-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sharp - X1.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sharp - X68000 T.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sharp - X68000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sharp - X68000.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sinclair - ZX 81-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sinclair - ZX 81.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sinclair - ZX Spectrum +3-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sinclair - ZX Spectrum +3.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sinclair - ZX Spectrum-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sinclair - ZX Spectrum.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sony - PlayStation (PocketStation).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sony - PlayStation 2 PSX-5000.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sony - PlayStation 2 SCPH-10000.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sony - PlayStation 2 SCPH-70000 T.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sony - PlayStation 2 SCPH-70000.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sony - PlayStation 2 SCPH-90000 T.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sony - PlayStation 2 SCPH-90000.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sony - PlayStation 2-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sony - PlayStation 2.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sony - PlayStation 3 (DLC)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sony - PlayStation 3 (DLC).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sony - PlayStation 3 (Downloadable)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sony - PlayStation 3 (Downloadable).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sony - PlayStation 3 (PSN)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sony - PlayStation 3 (PSN).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sony - PlayStation 3-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sony - PlayStation 4 CUH-1000 T.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sony - PlayStation 4 CUH-2000 T.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sony - PlayStation 4 CUH-2000.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sony - PlayStation 4 CUH-7000 T.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sony - PlayStation 4 CUH-7000.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sony - PlayStation 4-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sony - PlayStation 4.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sony - PlayStation 5-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sony - PlayStation 5.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sony - PlayStation Portable (DLC)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sony - PlayStation Portable (DLC).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sony - PlayStation Portable (PSN)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sony - PlayStation Portable (PSN).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sony - PlayStation Portable (PSX2PSP)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sony - PlayStation Portable (PSX2PSP).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sony - PlayStation Portable (UMD Music)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sony - PlayStation Portable (UMD Music).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sony - PlayStation Portable (UMD Video)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sony - PlayStation Portable (UMD Video).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sony - PlayStation Portable PSP-E1000.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sony - PlayStation Portable PSP-N1000.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sony - PlayStation Portable-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sony - PlayStation Portable.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sony - PlayStation SCPH-100-131 Flat.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sony - PlayStation SCPH-100-131.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sony - PlayStation SCPH-100.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sony - PlayStation Vita PCH-2000.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sony - PlayStation Vita VTE-1000.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sony - PlayStation Vita-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sony - PlayStation Vita.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sony - PlayStation-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sony - PlayStation.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sony - Playstation 3 CECH-2000 T.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sony - Playstation 3 CECH-2000.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sony - Playstation 3 CECH-4000 T.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sony - Playstation 3 CECH-4000.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sony - Playstation 3 CECHA00 KT.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sony - Playstation 3.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Sony - Playstation 5 CFI-2000.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Spectravideo - SV 328.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Spectravideo - SVI-318 - SVI-328-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Spectravideo - SVI-318 - SVI-328.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/TIC-80-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/TIC-80.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Takara - Video Challenger-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Takara - Video Challenger.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Tandy - Video Information System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Tandy - Video Information System.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Tapwave - Zodiac-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Tapwave - Zodiac.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/The 3DO Company - 3DO FZ-10.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/The 3DO Company - 3DO GDO-101.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/The 3DO Company - 3DO GDO-203P.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/The 3DO Company - 3DO IMP-21J.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/The 3DO Company - 3DO-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/The 3DO Company - 3DO.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Thomson - MOTO Cartridge.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Thomson - MOTO TO8.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Thomson - MOTO-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Thomson - MOTO.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Tiger - Game.com-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Tiger - Game.com.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Tiger - Gizmondo-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Tiger - Gizmondo.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Tiger - R-Zone DataZone.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Tiger - R-Zone SuperScreen.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Tiger - R-Zone XPG.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Tiger - R-Zone-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Tiger - R-Zone.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Tomb Raider-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Tomb Raider.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Tomy - Tutor-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Tomy - Tutor.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Umtech - VideoBrain-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Umtech - VideoBrain.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Unisonic - Champion 2711-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Unisonic - Champion 2711.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Uzebox-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Uzebox.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/VM Labs - NUON-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/VM Labs - NUON.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/VTech - 3D Gamate-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/VTech - 3D Gamate.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/VTech - CreatiVision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/VTech - CreatiVision.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/VTech - Socrates Alt.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/VTech - Socrates-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/VTech - Socrates.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/VTech - V.Flash-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/VTech - V.Flash.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/VTech - V.Smile-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/VTech - V.Smile.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Valve - Steam Deck-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Valve - Steam Deck.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Valve - Steam Link.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/View-Master - Interactive Vision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/View-Master - Interactive Vision.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Vircon32-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Vircon32.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/WASM-4-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/WASM-4.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Watara - Supervision Original.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Watara - Supervision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Watara - Supervision.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Welback - Mega Duck-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Welback - Mega Duck.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Wolfenstein 3D-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Wolfenstein 3D.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Worlds of Wonder - Action Max-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Worlds of Wonder - Action Max.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Yamaha - Copera-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Yamaha - Copera.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/ZAPiT - Game Wave-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/ZAPiT - Game Wave.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/Zeebo - Zeebo.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/achievement-list.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/add-favorite.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/add.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/arrow.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/battery-20.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/battery-40.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/battery-60.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/battery-80.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/battery-charging.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/battery-full.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/bg.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/bluetooth.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/clock.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/close.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/core-cheat-options.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/core-disk-options.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/core-infos.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/core-input-remapping-options.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/core-options.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/core-shader-options.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/core.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/cursor.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/database.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/default-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/default.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/dialog-slice.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/favorites-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/favorites.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/file.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/folder.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/history.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/iQue - iQue-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/iQue - iQue.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/image.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/images.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/input_ADC.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/input_BIND_ALL.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/input_BTN-D.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/input_BTN-L.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/input_BTN-R.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/input_BTN-U.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/input_DPAD-D.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/input_DPAD-L.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/input_DPAD-R.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/input_DPAD-U.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/input_LB.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/input_LGUN.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/input_LT.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/input_MOUSE.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/input_RB.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/input_RT.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/input_SELECT.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/input_START.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/input_STCK-D.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/input_STCK-L.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/input_STCK-P.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/input_STCK-R.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/input_STCK-U.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/input_TURBO.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/key-hover.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/key.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/lakka.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/loadstate.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/menu_achievements.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/menu_add.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/menu_apply_cog.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/menu_apply_toggle.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/menu_audio.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/menu_brightness.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/menu_check.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/menu_drivers.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/menu_exit.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/menu_frameskip.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/menu_help.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/menu_hourglass.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/menu_info.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/menu_latency.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/menu_log.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/menu_mixer.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/menu_network.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/menu_notifications.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/menu_osd.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/menu_overlay.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/menu_override.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/menu_pause.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/menu_playlist.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/menu_power.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/menu_privacy.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/menu_quickmenu.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/menu_record.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/menu_rewind.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/menu_room.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/menu_room_lan.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/menu_room_relay.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/menu_saving.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/menu_shutdown.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/menu_stream.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/menu_ui.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/menu_updater.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/menu_user.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/menu_video.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/menu_volume_max.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/menu_volume_med.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/menu_volume_min.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/menu_volume_mute.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/movie.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/movies.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/music.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/musics.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/netplay.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/off.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/on.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/pointer.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/reload.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/rename.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/resume.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/retroarch.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/room.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/run.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/savestate.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/screenshot.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/setting.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/settings.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/subsetting.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/undo.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/wifi.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/automatic/png/zip.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/font.ttf
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/2048-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/2048.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Amstrad - CPC-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Amstrad - CPC.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Amstrad - GX4000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Amstrad - GX4000.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Atari - 2600-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Atari - 2600.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Atari - 5200-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Atari - 5200.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Atari - 7800 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Atari - 7800-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Atari - 7800.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Atari - Jaguar CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Atari - Jaguar CD.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Atari - Jaguar-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Atari - Jaguar.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Atari - Lynx-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Atari - Lynx.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Atari - ST-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Atari - ST.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Atomiswave-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Atomiswave.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Bandai - WonderSwan Color-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Bandai - WonderSwan Color.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Bandai - WonderSwan-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Bandai - WonderSwan.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Cannonball-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Cannonball.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Casio - Loopy-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Casio - Loopy.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Casio - PV-1000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Casio - PV-1000.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Cave Story-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Cave Story.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/ChaiLove-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/ChaiLove.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Commodore - 64-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Commodore - 64.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Commodore - Amiga-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Commodore - Amiga.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Commodore - Plus-4-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Commodore - Plus-4.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Commodore - VIC-20-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Commodore - VIC-20.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/DOOM-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/DOOM.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/DOS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/DOS.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Dinothawr-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Dinothawr.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Emerson - Arcadia 2001-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Emerson - Arcadia 2001.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Entex - Adventure Vision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Entex - Adventure Vision.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Epoch - Super Cassette Vision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Epoch - Super Cassette Vision.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/FBNeo - Arcade Games-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/FBNeo - Arcade Games.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/FFmpeg-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/FFmpeg.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Fairchild - Channel F-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Fairchild - Channel F.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Flashback-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Flashback.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Funtech - Super Acan-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Funtech - Super Acan.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/GCE - Vectrex-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/GCE - Vectrex.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Game-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Game.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/GamePark - GP32-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/GamePark - GP32.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Handheld Electronic Game-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Handheld Electronic Game.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Hartung - Game Master-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Hartung - Game Master.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Jump 'n Bump-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Jump 'n Bump.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/LeapFrog - Leapster Learning Game System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/LeapFrog - Leapster Learning Game System.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Libretro - Pad.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Lutro-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Lutro.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/MAME 2000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/MAME 2000.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/MAME 2003-Plus-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/MAME 2003-Plus.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/MAME 2003-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/MAME 2003.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/MAME 2010-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/MAME 2010.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/MAME 2015-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/MAME 2015.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/MAME 2016-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/MAME 2016.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/MAME-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/MAME.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Magnavox - Odyssey-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Magnavox - Odyssey.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Magnavox - Odyssey2-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Magnavox - Odyssey2.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Mattel - Intellivision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Mattel - Intellivision.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Microsoft - MSX-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Microsoft - MSX.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Microsoft - MSX2-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Microsoft - MSX2.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Microsoft - Xbox-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Microsoft - Xbox.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/NEC - PC Engine SuperGrafx-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/NEC - PC Engine SuperGrafx.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/NEC - PC-98-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/NEC - PC-98.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/NEC - PC-FX-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/NEC - PC-FX.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Nintendo - Family Computer Disk System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Nintendo - Family Computer Disk System.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Nintendo - Game Boy Color-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Nintendo - Game Boy Color.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Nintendo - Game Boy-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Nintendo - Game Boy.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Nintendo - GameCube-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Nintendo - GameCube.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Nintendo - Nintendo 64-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Nintendo - Nintendo 64.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Nintendo - Nintendo 64DD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Nintendo - Nintendo 64DD.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Nintendo - Nintendo DS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Nintendo - Nintendo DS.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi (DLC)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi (DLC).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Nintendo - Pokemon Mini-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Nintendo - Pokemon Mini.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Nintendo - Satellaview-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Nintendo - Satellaview.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Nintendo - Sufami Turbo-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Nintendo - Sufami Turbo.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Nintendo - Virtual Boy-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Nintendo - Virtual Boy.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Nintendo - Wii (Digital)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Nintendo - Wii (Digital).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Nintendo - Wii [Controller]-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Nintendo - Wii [Controller].png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Nintendo - Wii [Motion]-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Nintendo - Wii [Motion].png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Nintendo - Wii-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Nintendo - Wii.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Nintendo - e-Reader-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Nintendo - e-Reader.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Philips - Videopac+-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Philips - Videopac+.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Quake II-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Quake II.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Quake III-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Quake III.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Quake-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Quake.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/RCA - Studio II-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/RCA - Studio II.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/RPG Maker-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/RPG Maker.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Rick Dangerous-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Rick Dangerous.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/SNK - Neo Geo CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/SNK - Neo Geo CD.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket Color-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket Color.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/SNK - Neo Geo-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/SNK - Neo Geo.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/ScummVM-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/ScummVM.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Sega - 32X-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Sega - 32X.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Sega - Dreamcast-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Sega - Dreamcast.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Sega - Game Gear-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Sega - Game Gear.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Sega - Master System - Mark III-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Sega - Master System - Mark III.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Sega - Naomi 2-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Sega - Naomi 2.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Sega - Naomi-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Sega - Naomi.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Sega - PICO-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Sega - PICO.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Sega - SG-1000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Sega - SG-1000.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Sega - Saturn-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Sega - Saturn.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Sharp - X68000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Sharp - X68000.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Sinclair - ZX 81-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Sinclair - ZX 81.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Sinclair - ZX Spectrum +3-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Sinclair - ZX Spectrum +3.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Sinclair - ZX Spectrum-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Sinclair - ZX Spectrum.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Sony - PlayStation 2-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Sony - PlayStation 2.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Sony - PlayStation Portable (PSN)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Sony - PlayStation Portable (PSN).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Sony - PlayStation Portable-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Sony - PlayStation Portable.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Sony - PlayStation Vita-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Sony - PlayStation Vita.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Sony - PlayStation-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Sony - PlayStation.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/TIC-80-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/TIC-80.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/The 3DO Company - 3DO-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/The 3DO Company - 3DO.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Thomson - MOTO-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Thomson - MOTO.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Tiger - Game.com-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Tiger - Game.com.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Tomb Raider-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Tomb Raider.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Uzebox-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Uzebox.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/VTech - CreatiVision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/VTech - CreatiVision.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/VTech - V.Smile-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/VTech - V.Smile.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Watara - Supervision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/Watara - Supervision.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/achievement-list.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/add-favorite.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/add.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/arrow.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/battery-20.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/battery-40.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/battery-60.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/battery-80.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/battery-charging.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/battery-full.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/bluetooth.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/clock.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/close.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/core-cheat-options.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/core-disk-options.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/core-infos.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/core-input-remapping-options.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/core-options.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/core-shader-options.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/core.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/cursor.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/database.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/default-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/default.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/dialog-slice.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/disc.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/favorites-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/favorites.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/file.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/folder.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/history.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/image.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/images.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/input_ADC.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/input_BIND_ALL.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/input_BTN-D.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/input_BTN-L.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/input_BTN-R.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/input_BTN-U.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/input_DPAD-D.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/input_DPAD-L.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/input_DPAD-R.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/input_DPAD-U.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/input_LB.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/input_LGUN.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/input_LT.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/input_MOUSE.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/input_RB.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/input_RT.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/input_SELECT.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/input_START.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/input_STCK-D.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/input_STCK-L.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/input_STCK-P.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/input_STCK-R.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/input_STCK-U.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/input_TURBO.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/key-hover.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/key.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/loadstate.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/menu_achievements.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/menu_add.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/menu_apply_cog.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/menu_apply_toggle.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/menu_audio.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/menu_brightness.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/menu_check.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/menu_drivers.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/menu_exit.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/menu_frameskip.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/menu_help.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/menu_hourglass.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/menu_info.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/menu_latency.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/menu_log.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/menu_mixer.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/menu_network.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/menu_notifications.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/menu_osd.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/menu_overlay.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/menu_override.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/menu_pause.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/menu_playlist.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/menu_power.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/menu_privacy.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/menu_quickmenu.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/menu_record.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/menu_rewind.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/menu_room.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/menu_room_lan.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/menu_room_relay.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/menu_saving.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/menu_shutdown.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/menu_stream.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/menu_ui.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/menu_updater.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/menu_user.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/menu_video.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/menu_volume_max.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/menu_volume_med.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/menu_volume_min.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/menu_volume_mute.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/movie.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/movies.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/music.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/musics.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/netplay.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/off.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/on.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/pointer.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/reload.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/rename.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/resume.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/retroarch.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/run.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/savestate.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/screenshot.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/setting.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/settings.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/subsetting.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/undo.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/wifi.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/daite/png/zip.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/README.md
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/font.ttf
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/2048-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/2048.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Amstrad - CPC-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Amstrad - CPC.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Apple-Bandai - Pippin-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Apple-Bandai - Pippin.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Atari - 2600-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Atari - 2600.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Atari - 5200-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Atari - 5200.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Atari - 7800-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Atari - 7800.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Atari - Jaguar Cd-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Atari - Jaguar Cd.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Atari - Jaguar-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Atari - Jaguar.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Atari - Lynx-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Atari - Lynx.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Atari - ST-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Atari - ST.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Atari - XEGS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Atari - XEGS.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Bally - Astrocade-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Bally - Astrocade.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Bandai - Super Vision 8000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Bandai - Super Vision 8000.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Bandai - WonderSwan Color-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Bandai - WonderSwan Color.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Bandai - WonderSwan-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Bandai - WonderSwan.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Benesse - Pocket Challenge V2-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Benesse - Pocket Challenge V2.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/CHIP-8-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/CHIP-8.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Cannonball-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Cannonball.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Capcom - CP System I-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Capcom - CP System I.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Capcom - CP System II-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Capcom - CP System II.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Capcom - CP System III-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Capcom - CP System III.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Casio - Loopy-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Casio - Loopy.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Casio - PV-1000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Casio - PV-1000.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Cave Story-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Cave Story.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/ChaiLove-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/ChaiLove.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Coleco - ColecoVision ADAM-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Coleco - ColecoVision ADAM.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Coleco - ColecoVision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Coleco - ColecoVision.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Commodore - 64-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Commodore - 64.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Commodore - Amiga-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Commodore - Amiga.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Commodore - CD32-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Commodore - CD32.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Commodore - Plus-4-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Commodore - Plus-4.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Commodore - VIC-20-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Commodore - VIC-20.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/DOOM-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/DOOM.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/DOS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/DOS.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Dinothawr-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Dinothawr.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Dungeon Crawl Stone Soup-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Dungeon Crawl Stone Soup.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Emerson - Arcadia 2001-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Emerson - Arcadia 2001.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Entex - Adventure Vision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Entex - Adventure Vision.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Epoch - Super Cassette Vision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Epoch - Super Cassette Vision.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/FB Alpha - Arcade Games-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/FB Alpha - Arcade Games.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/FB Alpha 2012 - Arcade Games-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/FB Alpha 2012 - Arcade Games.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/FBNeo - Arcade Games-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/FBNeo - Arcade Games.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/FFmpeg-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/FFmpeg.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Fairchild - Channel F-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Fairchild - Channel F.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Flashback-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Flashback.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Funtech - Super Acan-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Funtech - Super Acan.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/GCE - Vectrex-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/GCE - Vectrex.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/GamePark - GP32-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/GamePark - GP32.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Handheld Electronic Game-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Handheld Electronic Game.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Hartung - Game Master-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Hartung - Game Master.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/LeapFrog - Leapster Learning Game System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/LeapFrog - Leapster Learning Game System.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Libretro - Pad.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Lutro-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Lutro.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/MAME 2000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/MAME 2000.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/MAME 2003-Plus-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/MAME 2003-Plus.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/MAME 2003-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/MAME 2003.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/MAME 2010-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/MAME 2010.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/MAME 2015-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/MAME 2015.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/MAME 2016-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/MAME 2016.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/MAME-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/MAME.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Magnavox - Odyssey-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Magnavox - Odyssey.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Magnavox - Odyssey2-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Magnavox - Odyssey2.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Mattel - Intellivision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Mattel - Intellivision.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Microsoft - MSX Disk-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Microsoft - MSX Disk.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Microsoft - MSX-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Microsoft - MSX.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Microsoft - MSX2 Disk-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Microsoft - MSX2 Disk.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Microsoft - MSX2-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Microsoft - MSX2.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Microsoft - XBOX 360-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Microsoft - XBOX 360.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Microsoft - XBOX One-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Microsoft - XBOX One.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Microsoft - XBOX-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Microsoft - Xbox.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Minecraft-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Minecraft.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/MrBoom-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/MrBoom.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/NEC - PC Engine SuperGrafx-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/NEC - PC Engine SuperGrafx.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/NEC - PC-98 Disk-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/NEC - PC-98 Disk.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/NEC - PC-98-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/NEC - PC-98.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/NEC - PC-FX-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/NEC - PC-FX.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Neo Geo-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Neo Geo.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Nintendo - Family Computer Disk System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Nintendo - Family Computer Disk System.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance (e-Reader)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance (e-Reader).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Nintendo - Game Boy Color-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Nintendo - Game Boy Color.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Nintendo - Game Boy-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Nintendo - Game Boy.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Nintendo - GameCube-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Nintendo - GameCube.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (DLC)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (DLC).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (Digital)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (Digital).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Nintendo - Nintendo 64-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Nintendo - Nintendo 64.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Nintendo - Nintendo 64DD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Nintendo - Nintendo 64DD.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Nintendo - Nintendo DS (Download Play)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Nintendo - Nintendo DS (Download Play).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Nintendo - Nintendo DS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Nintendo - Nintendo DS.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi (DLC)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi (DLC).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Nintendo - Pokemon Mini-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Nintendo - Pokemon Mini.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Nintendo - Satellaview-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Nintendo - Satellaview.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Nintendo - Sufami Turbo-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Nintendo - Sufami Turbo.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Nintendo - Switch-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Nintendo - Switch.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Nintendo - Virtual Boy-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Nintendo - Virtual Boy.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Nintendo - Wii U-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Nintendo - Wii U.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Nintendo - Wii-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Nintendo - Wii.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Nintendo - e-Reader-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Nintendo - e-Reader.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Philips - Videopac+-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Philips - Videopac+.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Quake II-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Quake II.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Quake III-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Quake III.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Quake-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Quake.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/RCA - Studio II-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/RCA - Studio II.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/RPG Maker-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/RPG Maker.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Rick Dangerous-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Rick Dangerous.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/SNK - Neo Geo CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/SNK - Neo Geo CD.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket Color-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket Color.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/SNK - Neo Geo-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/SNK - Neo Geo.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/ScummVM-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/ScummVM.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Sega - 32X-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Sega - 32X.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Sega - Dreamcast-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Sega - Dreamcast.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Sega - Game Gear-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Sega - Game Gear.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Sega - Master System - Mark III-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Sega - Master System - Mark III.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Sega - PICO-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Sega - PICO.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Sega - SG-1000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Sega - SG-1000.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Sega - Saturn-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Sega - Saturn.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Sharp - X68000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Sharp - X68000.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Sinclair - ZX 81-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Sinclair - ZX 81.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Sinclair - ZX Spectrum +3-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Sinclair - ZX Spectrum +3.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Sinclair - ZX Spectrum-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Sinclair - ZX Spectrum.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Sony - PlayStation 2-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Sony - PlayStation 2.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Sony - PlayStation 3 (DLC)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Sony - PlayStation 3 (DLC).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Sony - PlayStation 3-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Sony - PlayStation 3.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Sony - PlayStation 4-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Sony - PlayStation 4.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Sony - PlayStation Portable (DLC)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Sony - PlayStation Portable (DLC).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Sony - PlayStation Portable (PSN)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Sony - PlayStation Portable (PSN).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Sony - PlayStation Portable (PSX2PSP)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Sony - PlayStation Portable (PSX2PSP).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Sony - PlayStation Portable (UMD Music)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Sony - PlayStation Portable (UMD Music).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Sony - PlayStation Portable (UMD Video)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Sony - PlayStation Portable (UMD Video).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Sony - PlayStation Portable-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Sony - PlayStation Portable.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Sony - PlayStation Vita-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Sony - PlayStation Vita.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Sony - PlayStation-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Sony - PlayStation.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Spectravideo - SVI-318 - SVI-328-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Spectravideo - SVI-318 - SVI-328.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/TIC-80-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/TIC-80.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/The 3DO Company - 3DO-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/The 3DO Company - 3DO.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Thomson - MOTO-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Thomson - MOTO.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Tiger - Game.com-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Tiger - Game.com.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Tomb Raider-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Tomb Raider.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Uzebox-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Uzebox.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/VTech - CreatiVision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/VTech - CreatiVision.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/VTech - V.Smile-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/VTech - V.Smile.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Watara - Supervision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/Watara - Supervision.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/achievement-list.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/add-favorite.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/add.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/arrow.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/battery-20.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/battery-40.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/battery-60.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/battery-80.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/battery-charging.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/battery-full.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/bg.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/bluetooth.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/clock.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/close.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/core-cheat-options.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/core-disk-options.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/core-infos.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/core-input-remapping-options.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/core-options.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/core-shader-options.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/core.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/cursor.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/database.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/default-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/default.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/dialog-slice.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/disc.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/favorites-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/favorites.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/file.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/folder.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/history.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/image.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/images.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/input_ADC.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/input_BIND_ALL.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/input_BTN-D.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/input_BTN-L.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/input_BTN-R.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/input_BTN-U.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/input_DPAD-D.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/input_DPAD-L.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/input_DPAD-R.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/input_DPAD-U.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/input_LB.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/input_LGUN.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/input_LT.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/input_MOUSE.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/input_RB.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/input_RT.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/input_SELECT.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/input_START.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/input_STCK-D.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/input_STCK-L.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/input_STCK-P.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/input_STCK-R.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/input_STCK-U.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/input_TURBO.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/key-hover.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/key.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/lakka.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/loadstate.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/menu_achievements.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/menu_add.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/menu_apply_cog.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/menu_apply_toggle.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/menu_audio.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/menu_brightness.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/menu_check.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/menu_drivers.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/menu_exit.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/menu_frameskip.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/menu_help.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/menu_hourglass.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/menu_info.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/menu_latency.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/menu_log.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/menu_mixer.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/menu_network.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/menu_notifications.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/menu_osd.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/menu_overlay.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/menu_override.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/menu_pause.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/menu_playlist.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/menu_power.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/menu_privacy.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/menu_quickmenu.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/menu_record.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/menu_rewind.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/menu_room.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/menu_room_lan.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/menu_room_relay.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/menu_saving.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/menu_shutdown.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/menu_stream.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/menu_ui.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/menu_updater.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/menu_user.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/menu_video.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/menu_volume_max.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/menu_volume_med.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/menu_volume_min.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/menu_volume_mute.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/movie.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/movies.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/music.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/musics.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/netplay.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/off.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/on.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/on_alt.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/pointer.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/reload.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/rename.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/resume.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/retroarch.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/run.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/savestate.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/screenshot.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/setting.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/settings.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/subsetting.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/undo.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/wifi.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/dot-art/png/zip.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/README.md
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/font.ttf
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/Atari - 2600-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/Atari - 2600.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/Atari - 7800-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/Atari - 7800.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/Atari - Jaguar CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/Atari - Jaguar CD.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/Atari - Jaguar-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/Atari - Jaguar.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/Atari - Lynx-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/Atari - Lynx.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/Bandai - WonderSwan Color-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/Bandai - WonderSwan Color.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/Bandai - WonderSwan-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/Bandai - WonderSwan.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/Cave Story-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/Cave Story.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/ChaiLove.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/Chailove-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/Coleco - ColecoVision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/Coleco - ColecoVision.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/DOS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/DOS.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/Dinothawr-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/Dinothawr.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/FBNeo - Arcade Games-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/FBNeo - Arcade Games.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/FFmpeg-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/FFmpeg.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/GCE - Vectrex-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/GCE - Vectrex.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/Libretro - Pad.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/Lutro-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/Lutro.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/MAME 2000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/MAME 2000.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/MAME 2003-Plus-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/MAME 2003-Plus.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/MAME 2003-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/MAME 2003.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/MAME 2010-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/MAME 2010.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/MAME 2015-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/MAME 2015.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/MAME 2016-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/MAME 2016.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/MAME-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/MAME.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/NEC - PC Engine SuperGrafx-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/NEC - PC Engine SuperGrafx.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/NEC - PC-FX-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/NEC - PC-FX.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/Nintendo - Family Computer Disk System.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/Nintendo - Game Boy Color-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/Nintendo - Game Boy Color.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/Nintendo - Game Boy-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/Nintendo - Game Boy.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/Nintendo - GameCube-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/Nintendo - GameCube.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/Nintendo - Nintendo 64-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/Nintendo - Nintendo 64.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/Nintendo - Nintendo DS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/Nintendo - Nintendo DS.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/Nintendo - Virtual Boy-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/Nintendo - Virtual Boy.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/Nintendo - Wii-content - copia.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/Nintendo - Wii-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/Nintendo - Wii.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/Quake II-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/Quake II.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/Quake III-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/Quake III.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/Quake1-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/Quake1.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/Rick Dangerous-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/Rick Dangerous.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket Color-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket Color.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/Sega - 32X-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/Sega - 32X.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/Sega - Dreamcast-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/Sega - Dreamcast.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/Sega - Game Gear-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/Sega - Game Gear.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/Sega - Master System - Mark III-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/Sega - Master System - Mark III.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/Sega - Saturn-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/Sega - Saturn.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/Sony - PlayStation Portable-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/Sony - PlayStation Portable.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/Sony - PlayStation-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/Sony - PlayStation.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/The 3DO Company - 3DO-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/The 3DO Company - 3DO.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/achievement-list.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/add-favorite.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/add.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/arrow.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/battery-20.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/battery-40.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/battery-60.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/battery-80.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/battery-charging.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/battery-full.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/bg.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/bluetooth.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/clock.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/close.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/core-cheat-options.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/core-disk-options.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/core-infos.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/core-input-remapping-options.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/core-options.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/core-shader-options.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/core.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/cursor.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/database.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/default-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/default.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/dialog-slice.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/favorites-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/favorites.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/file.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/folder.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/history.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/image.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/images.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/input_ADC.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/input_BIND_ALL.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/input_BTN-D.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/input_BTN-L.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/input_BTN-R.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/input_BTN-U.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/input_DPAD-D.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/input_DPAD-L.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/input_DPAD-R.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/input_DPAD-U.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/input_LB.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/input_LGUN.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/input_LT.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/input_MOUSE.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/input_RB.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/input_RT.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/input_SELECT.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/input_START.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/input_STCK-D.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/input_STCK-L.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/input_STCK-P.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/input_STCK-R.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/input_STCK-U.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/input_TURBO.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/key-hover.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/key.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/lakka.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/loadstate.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/menu_achievements.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/menu_add.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/menu_apply_cog.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/menu_apply_toggle.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/menu_audio.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/menu_brightness.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/menu_check.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/menu_drivers.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/menu_exit.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/menu_frameskip.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/menu_help.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/menu_hourglass.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/menu_info.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/menu_latency.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/menu_log.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/menu_mixer.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/menu_network.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/menu_notifications.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/menu_osd.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/menu_overlay.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/menu_override.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/menu_pause.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/menu_playlist.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/menu_power.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/menu_privacy.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/menu_quickmenu.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/menu_record.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/menu_rewind.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/menu_room.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/menu_room_lan.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/menu_room_relay.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/menu_saving.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/menu_shutdown.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/menu_stream.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/menu_ui.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/menu_updater.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/menu_user.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/menu_video.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/menu_volume_max.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/menu_volume_med.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/menu_volume_min.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/menu_volume_mute.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/movie.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/movies.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/music.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/musics.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/netplay.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/off.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/on.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/pointer.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/reload.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/rename.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/resume.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/retroarch.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/run.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/savestate.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/screenshot.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/setting.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/settings.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/subsetting.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/undo.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/wifi.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatui/png/zip.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/README.md
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/font.ttf
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/1292 Advanced Programmable Video System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/1292 Advanced Programmable Video System.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/2048-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/2048.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/ACT - Apricot PC Xi-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/ACT - Apricot PC Xi.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/APF - Imagination Machine-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/APF - Imagination Machine.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/APF - MP-1000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/APF - MP-1000.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Acorn - Archimedes-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Acorn - Archimedes.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Acorn - Atom-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Acorn - Atom.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Acorn - BBC Micro-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Acorn - BBC Micro.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Amazon - Fire TV-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Amazon - Fire TV.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Amazon - Luna-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Amazon - Luna.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Amstrad - CPC-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Amstrad - CPC.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Amstrad - GX4000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Amstrad - GX4000.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Apple - I-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Apple - I.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Apple - II Plus-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Apple - II Plus.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Apple - II-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Apple - II.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Apple - IIe-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Apple - IIe.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Apple - Macintosh-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Apple - Macintosh.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Apple-Bandai - Pippin-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Apple-Bandai - Pippin.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Atari - 2600-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Atari - 2600.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Atari - 5200-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Atari - 5200.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Atari - 7800-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Atari - 7800.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Atari - 8-bit-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Atari - 8-bit.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Atari - Jaguar CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Atari - Jaguar CD.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Atari - Jaguar-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Atari - Jaguar.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Atari - Lynx-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Atari - Lynx.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Atari - Pong-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Atari - Pong.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Atari - ST (Tapes)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Atari - ST (Tapes).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Atari - ST-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Atari - ST.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Atari - VCS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Atari - VCS.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Atari - XEGS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Atari - XEGS.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/BBC - Bridge Companion-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/BBC - Bridge Companion.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Bally - Astrocade (Tapes)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Bally - Astrocade (Tapes).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Bally - Astrocade-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Bally - Astrocade.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Bandai - Design Master Denshi Mangajuku-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Bandai - Design Master Denshi Mangajuku.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Bandai - Gundam RX-78-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Bandai - Gundam RX-78.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Bandai - Playdia-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Bandai - Playdia.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Bandai - Super Vision 8000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Bandai - Super Vision 8000.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Bandai - Terebikko-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Bandai - Terebikko.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Bandai - WonderSwan Color-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Bandai - WonderSwan Color.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Bandai - WonderSwan-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Bandai - WonderSwan.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Benesse - Pocket Challenge V2-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Benesse - Pocket Challenge V2.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Benesse - Pocket Challenge W-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Benesse - Pocket Challenge W.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Bit Corporation - Gamate-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Bit Corporation - Gamate.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/CHIP-8-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/CHIP-8.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Cannonball-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Cannonball.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Capcom - CP System I-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Capcom - CP System I.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Capcom - CP System II-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Capcom - CP System II.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Capcom - CP System III-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Capcom - CP System III.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Casio - Loopy-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Casio - Loopy.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Casio - PV-1000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Casio - PV-1000.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Cave Story-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Cave Story.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/ChaiLove-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/ChaiLove.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Coleco - ColecoVision ADAM-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Coleco - ColecoVision ADAM.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Coleco - ColecoVision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Coleco - ColecoVision.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Commodore - 64 (PP)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Commodore - 64 (PP).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Commodore - 64 (Tapes)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Commodore - 64 (Tapes).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Commodore - 64-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Commodore - 64.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Commodore - Amiga-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Commodore - Amiga.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Commodore - CD32-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Commodore - CD32.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Commodore - CDTV-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Commodore - CDTV.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Commodore - Plus-4-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Commodore - Plus-4.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Commodore - VIC-20-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Commodore - VIC-20.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Connor - VideoSmarts-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Connor - VideoSmarts.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/DOOM-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/DOOM.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/DOS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/DOS.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Dinothawr-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Dinothawr.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Dungeon Crawl Stone Soup-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Dungeon Crawl Stone Soup.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Emerson - Arcadia 2001-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Emerson - Arcadia 2001.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Entex - Adventure Vision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Entex - Adventure Vision.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Entex - Select-A-Game-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Entex - Select-A-Game.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Epoch - Cassette Vision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Epoch - Cassette Vision.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Epoch - Game Pocket Computer-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Epoch - Game Pocket Computer.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Epoch - Super Cassette Vision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Epoch - Super Cassette Vision.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Epoch - TV Tennis Electrotennis-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Epoch - TV Tennis Electrotennis.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/FBNeo - Arcade Games-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/FBNeo - Arcade Games.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/FFmpeg-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/FFmpeg.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Fairchild - Channel F-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Fairchild - Channel F.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Flashback-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Flashback.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Fujitsu - FM Towns Marty-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Fujitsu - FM Towns Marty.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Fukutake Publishing - StudyBox-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Fukutake Publishing - StudyBox.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Funtech - Super Acan-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Funtech - Super Acan.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/GCE - Vectrex-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/GCE - Vectrex.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Gakken - Compact Vision TV Boy-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Gakken - Compact Vision TV Boy.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Game-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Game.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/GamePark - Caanoo.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/GamePark - GP2X F200.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/GamePark - GP2X Wiz.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/GamePark - GP2X.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/GamePark - GP32-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/GamePark - GP32.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Google - Nexus Player-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Google - Nexus Player.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Google - Stadia-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Google - Stadia.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Handheld Electronic Game-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Handheld Electronic Game.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Hartung - Game Master-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Hartung - Game Master.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Interton - VC 4000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Interton - VC 4000.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Interton - Video 2000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Interton - Video 2000.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Jump 'n Bump-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Jump 'n Bump.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Konami - Picno-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Konami - Picno.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/LJN - Video Art.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/LeapFrog - LeapPad-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/LeapFrog - LeapPad.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/LeapFrog - Leapster Learning Game System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/LeapFrog - Leapster Learning Game System.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/LeapFrog - My First LeapPad-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/LeapFrog - My First LeapPad.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Libretro - Pad.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Lutro-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Lutro.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/MAME 2000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/MAME 2000.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/MAME 2003-Plus-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/MAME 2003-Plus.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/MAME 2003-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/MAME 2003.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/MAME 2010-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/MAME 2010.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/MAME 2015-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/MAME 2015.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/MAME 2016-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/MAME 2016.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/MAME-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/MAME.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Magnavox - Odyssey-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Magnavox - Odyssey.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Magnavox - Odyssey2-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Magnavox - Odyssey2.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Mattel - HyperScan-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Mattel - HyperScan.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Mattel - Intellivision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Mattel - Intellivision.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Microsoft - MSX-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Microsoft - MSX.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Microsoft - MSX2-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Microsoft - MSX2.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Microsoft - Xbox 360 (Digital)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Microsoft - Xbox 360 (Digital).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Microsoft - Xbox 360-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Microsoft - Xbox 360.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Microsoft - Xbox One-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Microsoft - Xbox One.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Microsoft - Xbox Series X-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Microsoft - Xbox Series X.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Microsoft - Xbox-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Microsoft - Xbox.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Milton Bradley - Microvision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Milton Bradley - Microvision.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Minecraft-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Minecraft.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/MrBoom-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/MrBoom.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/NEC - PC Engine SuperGrafx-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/NEC - PC Engine SuperGrafx.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/NEC - PC-98-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/NEC - PC-98.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/NEC - PC-FX-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/NEC - PC-FX.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Neo Geo-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Neo Geo.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Nichibutsu - My Vision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Nichibutsu - My Vision.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Nintendo - Family Computer Disk System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Nintendo - Family Computer Disk System.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance (e-Reader)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance (e-Reader).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Nintendo - Game Boy Color-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Nintendo - Game Boy Color.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Nintendo - Game Boy-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Nintendo - Game Boy.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Nintendo - GameCube-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Nintendo - GameCube.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (DLC)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (DLC).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (Digital)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (Digital).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Nintendo - Nintendo 64-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Nintendo - Nintendo 64.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Nintendo - Nintendo 64DD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Nintendo - Nintendo 64DD.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Nintendo - Nintendo DS (Download Play)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Nintendo - Nintendo DS (Download Play).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Nintendo - Nintendo DS Decrypted-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Nintendo - Nintendo DS Decrypted.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Nintendo - Nintendo DS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Nintendo - Nintendo DS.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi (DLC)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi (DLC).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi Decrypted-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi Decrypted.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System (J).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System-content (J).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Nintendo - Pokemon Mini-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Nintendo - Pokemon Mini.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Nintendo - Satellaview-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Nintendo - Satellaview.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Nintendo - Sufami Turbo-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Nintendo - Sufami Turbo.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System (U).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System-content (U1).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System-content (U2).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Nintendo - Switch K.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Nintendo - Switch W.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Nintendo - Switch-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Nintendo - Switch.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Nintendo - Virtual Boy-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Nintendo - Virtual Boy.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Nintendo - Wii (Digital)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Nintendo - Wii (Digital).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Nintendo - Wii U-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Nintendo - Wii U.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Nintendo - Wii-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Nintendo - Wii.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Nintendo - e-Reader-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Nintendo - e-Reader.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Nokia - N-Gage-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Nokia - N-Gage.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Philips - Videopac+-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Philips - Videopac+.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Pioneer - Laseractive-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Pioneer - Laseractive.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Quake II-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Quake II.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Quake III-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Quake III.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Quake-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Quake.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/RCA - Studio II-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/RCA - Studio II.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/RPG Maker-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/RPG Maker.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Rick Dangerous-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Rick Dangerous.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/SNK - Neo Geo CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/SNK - Neo Geo CD.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket Color-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket Color.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/SNK - Neo Geo-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/SNK - Neo Geo.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/SSD - Xavixport-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/ScummVM-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/ScummVM.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Sega - 32X-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Sega - 32X.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Sega - Beena-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Sega - Beena.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Sega - Dreamcast-content (E).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Sega - Dreamcast-content (J).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Sega - Dreamcast-content (U).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Sega - Dreamcast-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Sega - Dreamcast.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Sega - Game Gear-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Sega - Game Gear.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Sega - Master System - Mark III-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Sega - Master System - Mark III.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis-content (J).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Sega - PICO-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Sega - PICO.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Sega - SG-1000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Sega - SG-1000.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Sega - Saturn (U).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Sega - Saturn-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Sega - Saturn.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Sharp - X68000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Sharp - X68000.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Sinclair - ZX 81-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Sinclair - ZX 81.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Sinclair - ZX Spectrum +3-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Sinclair - ZX Spectrum +3.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Sinclair - ZX Spectrum-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Sinclair - ZX Spectrum.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Sony - PlayStation 2-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Sony - PlayStation 2.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Sony - PlayStation 3 (DLC)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Sony - PlayStation 3 (DLC).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Sony - PlayStation 3 (Downloadable)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Sony - PlayStation 3 (Downloadable).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Sony - PlayStation 3 (PSN)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Sony - PlayStation 3 (PSN).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Sony - PlayStation 3-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Sony - PlayStation 3.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Sony - PlayStation 4-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Sony - PlayStation 4.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Sony - PlayStation Portable (DLC)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Sony - PlayStation Portable (DLC).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Sony - PlayStation Portable (PSN)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Sony - PlayStation Portable (PSN).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Sony - PlayStation Portable (PSX2PSP)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Sony - PlayStation Portable (PSX2PSP).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Sony - PlayStation Portable (UMD Music)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Sony - PlayStation Portable (UMD Music).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Sony - PlayStation Portable (UMD Video)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Sony - PlayStation Portable (UMD Video).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Sony - PlayStation Portable-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Sony - PlayStation Portable.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Sony - PlayStation Vita-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Sony - PlayStation Vita.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Sony - PlayStation-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Sony - PlayStation.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Spectravideo - SVI-318 - SVI-328-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Spectravideo - SVI-318 - SVI-328.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/TIC-80-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/TIC-80.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Tapwave - Zodiac-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Tapwave - Zodiac.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/The 3DO Company - 3DO-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/The 3DO Company - 3DO.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Thomson - MOTO-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Thomson - MOTO.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Tiger - Game.com-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Tiger - Game.com.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Tiger - Gizmondo-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Tiger - Gizmondo.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Tomb Raider-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Tomb Raider.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Tomy - Tutor-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Tomy - Tutor.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Umtech - VideoBrain-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Uzebox-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Uzebox.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/VM Labs - NUON-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/VM Labs - NUON.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/VTech - 3D Gamate-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/VTech - 3D Gamate.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/VTech - CreatiVision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/VTech - CreatiVision.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/VTech - Socrates-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/VTech - V.Flash-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/VTech - V.Smile-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/VTech - V.Smile.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Watara - Supervision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/Watara - Supervision.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/achievement-list.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/add-favorite.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/add.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/arrow.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/battery-20.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/battery-40.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/battery-60.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/battery-80.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/battery-charging.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/battery-full.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/bg.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/bluetooth.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/clock.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/close.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/core-cheat-options.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/core-disk-options.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/core-infos.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/core-input-remapping-options.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/core-options.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/core-shader-options.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/core.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/cursor.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/database.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/default-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/default.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/dialog-slice.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/favorites-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/favorites.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/file.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/folder.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/history.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/iQue - iQue-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/iQue - iQue.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/image.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/images.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/input_ADC.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/input_BIND_ALL.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/input_BTN-D.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/input_BTN-L.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/input_BTN-R.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/input_BTN-U.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/input_DPAD-D.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/input_DPAD-L.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/input_DPAD-R.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/input_DPAD-U.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/input_LB.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/input_LGUN.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/input_LT.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/input_MOUSE.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/input_RB.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/input_RT.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/input_SELECT.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/input_START.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/input_STCK-D.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/input_STCK-L.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/input_STCK-P.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/input_STCK-R.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/input_STCK-U.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/input_TURBO.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/key-hover.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/key.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/lakka.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/loadstate.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/menu_achievements.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/menu_add.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/menu_apply_cog.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/menu_apply_toggle.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/menu_audio.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/menu_brightness.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/menu_check.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/menu_drivers.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/menu_exit.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/menu_frameskip.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/menu_help.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/menu_hourglass.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/menu_info.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/menu_latency.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/menu_log.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/menu_mixer.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/menu_network.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/menu_notifications.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/menu_osd.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/menu_overlay.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/menu_override.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/menu_pause.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/menu_playlist.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/menu_power.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/menu_privacy.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/menu_quickmenu.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/menu_record.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/menu_rewind.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/menu_room.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/menu_room_lan.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/menu_room_relay.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/menu_saving.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/menu_shutdown.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/menu_stream.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/menu_ui.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/menu_updater.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/menu_user.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/menu_video.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/menu_volume_max.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/menu_volume_med.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/menu_volume_min.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/menu_volume_mute.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/movie.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/movies.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/music.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/musics.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/netplay.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/off.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/on.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/pointer.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/reload.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/rename.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/resume.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/retroarch.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/run.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/savestate.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/screenshot.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/setting.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/settings.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/subsetting.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/undo.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/wifi.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/flatux/png/zip.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/README.md
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/font.ttf
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/1292 Advanced Programmable Video System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/1292 Advanced Programmable Video System.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/2048-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/2048.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/ACT - Apricot PC Xi-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/ACT - Apricot PC Xi.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/APF - Imagination Machine-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/APF - Imagination Machine.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/APF - MP-1000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/APF - MP-1000.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Acorn - Archimedes-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Acorn - Archimedes.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Acorn - Atom-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Acorn - Atom.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Acorn - BBC Micro-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Acorn - BBC Micro.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Acorn - Risc PC-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Acorn - Risc PC.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Acorn RISC OS - Flash Media-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Acorn RISC OS - Flash Media.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Amazon - Fire TV-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Amazon - Fire TV.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Amazon - Luna-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Amazon - Luna.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Amstrad - CPC-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Amstrad - CPC.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Amstrad - GX4000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Amstrad - GX4000.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Analogue - Analogue Pocket-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Analogue - Analogue Pocket.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Apple - I-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Apple - I.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Apple - II Plus-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Apple - II Plus.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Apple - II-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Apple - II.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Apple - IIGS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Apple - IIGS.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Apple - IIe-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Apple - IIe.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Apple - Macintosh (BETA)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Apple - Macintosh (BETA).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Apple - Macintosh-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Apple - Macintosh.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Apple-Bandai - Pippin-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Apple-Bandai - Pippin.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Arduboy Inc - Arduboy-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Arduboy Inc - Arduboy.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Atari - 2600-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Atari - 2600.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Atari - 5200-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Atari - 5200.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Atari - 7800-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Atari - 7800.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Atari - 8-bit-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Atari - 8-bit.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Atari - Jaguar CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Atari - Jaguar CD.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Atari - Jaguar-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Atari - Jaguar.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Atari - Lynx-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Atari - Lynx.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Atari - Pong-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Atari - Pong.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Atari - ST (Tapes)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Atari - ST (Tapes).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Atari - ST-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Atari - ST.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Atari - VCS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Atari - VCS.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Atari - XEGS controller.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Atari - XEGS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Atari - XEGS.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/BBC - Bridge Companion-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/BBC - Bridge Companion.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Bally - Astrocade (Tapes)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Bally - Astrocade (Tapes).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Bally - Astrocade-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Bally - Astrocade.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Bandai - Design Master Denshi Mangajuku-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Bandai - Design Master Denshi Mangajuku.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Bandai - Gundam RX-78-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Bandai - Gundam RX-78.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Bandai - Playdia-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Bandai - Playdia.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Bandai - Super Vision 8000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Bandai - Super Vision 8000.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Bandai - Terebikko-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Bandai - Terebikko.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Bandai - WonderSwan Color-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Bandai - WonderSwan Color.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Bandai - WonderSwan-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Bandai - WonderSwan.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Benesse - Pocket Challenge V2-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Benesse - Pocket Challenge V2.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Benesse - Pocket Challenge W-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Benesse - Pocket Challenge W.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Bit Corporation - Gamate-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Bit Corporation - Gamate.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/CHIP-8-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/CHIP-8.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Cannonball-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Cannonball.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Capcom - CP System I-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Capcom - CP System I.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Capcom - CP System II-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Capcom - CP System II.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Capcom - CP System III-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Capcom - CP System III.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Casio - Loopy-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Casio - Loopy.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Casio - PV-1000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Casio - PV-1000.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Cave Story-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Cave Story.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/ChaiLove-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/ChaiLove.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Coleco - ColecoVision ADAM-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Coleco - ColecoVision ADAM.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Coleco - ColecoVision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Coleco - ColecoVision.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Commodore - 64 (PP)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Commodore - 64 (PP).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Commodore - 64 (Tapes)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Commodore - 64 (Tapes).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Commodore - 64-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Commodore - 64.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Commodore - Amiga-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Commodore - Amiga.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Commodore - CD32-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Commodore - CD32.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Commodore - CDTV-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Commodore - CDTV.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Commodore - PET-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Commodore - PET.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Commodore - Plus-4-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Commodore - Plus-4.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Commodore - VIC-20-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Commodore - VIC-20.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Connor - VideoSmarts-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Connor - VideoSmarts.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/DOOM-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/DOOM.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/DOS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/DOS.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Dinothawr-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Dinothawr.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Dungeon Crawl Stone Soup-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Dungeon Crawl Stone Soup.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Emerson - Arcadia 2001-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Emerson - Arcadia 2001.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Entex - Adventure Vision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Entex - Adventure Vision.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Entex - Select-A-Game-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Entex - Select-A-Game.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Epoch - Game Pocket Computer-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Epoch - Game Pocket Computer.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Epoch - Super Cassette Vision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Epoch - Super Cassette Vision.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Epoch - TV Tennis Electrotennis-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Epoch - TV Tennis Electrotennis.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/FBNeo - Arcade Games-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/FBNeo - Arcade Games.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/FFmpeg-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/FFmpeg.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Fairchild - Channel F-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Fairchild - Channel F.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Flashback-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Flashback.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Fujitsu - FM Towns-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Fujitsu - FM Towns.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Fujitsu - FM-7-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Fujitsu - FM-7.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Fujitsu - FMR50-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Fujitsu - FMR50.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Fukutake Publishing - StudyBox-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Fukutake Publishing - StudyBox.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Funtech - Super Acan-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Funtech - Super Acan.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/GCE - Vectrex-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/GCE - Vectrex.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/GamePark - GP2X (Digital)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/GamePark - GP2X (Digital).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/GamePark - GP2X-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/GamePark - GP2X.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/GamePark - GP32-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/GamePark - GP32.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Google - Android (Amazon Appstore)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Google - Android (Amazon Appstore).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Google - Android (Misc)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Google - Android (Misc).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Google - Android (Samsung Galaxy Apps)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Google - Android (Samsung Galaxy Apps).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Handheld Electronic Game-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Handheld Electronic Game.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Hartung - Game Master-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Hartung - Game Master.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Hitachi - S1-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Hitachi - S1.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/IBM - PC and Compatibles (Digital) (Desura)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/IBM - PC and Compatibles (Digital) (Desura).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/IBM - PC and Compatibles (Digital) (Groupees)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/IBM - PC and Compatibles (Digital) (Groupees).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/IBM - PC and Compatibles (Digital) (JAST USA)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/IBM - PC and Compatibles (Digital) (JAST USA).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/IBM - PC and Compatibles (Digital) (Misc) (Adult)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/IBM - PC and Compatibles (Digital) (Misc) (Adult).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/IBM - PC and Compatibles (Digital) (Misc)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/IBM - PC and Compatibles (Digital) (Misc).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/IBM - PC and Compatibles (Digital) (Steam) (Hentai)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/IBM - PC and Compatibles (Digital) (Steam) (Hentai).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/IBM - PC and Compatibles (Digital) (Unknown)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/IBM - PC and Compatibles (Digital) (Unknown).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/IBM - PC and Compatibles (Digital) (Updates and DLC)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/IBM - PC and Compatibles (Digital) (Updates and DLC).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/IBM - PC and Compatibles (Flash Media)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/IBM - PC and Compatibles (Flash Media).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/IBM - PC and Compatibles-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/IBM - PC and Compatibles.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Interton - VC 4000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Interton - VC 4000.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Jump 'n Bump-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Jump 'n Bump.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Konami - Picno-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Konami - Picno.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/LeapFrog - LeapPad-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/LeapFrog - LeapPad.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/LeapFrog - Leapster Learning Game System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/LeapFrog - Leapster Learning Game System.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/LeapFrog - My First LeapPad-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/LeapFrog - My First LeapPad.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Libretro - Pad.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Lutro-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Lutro.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Luxor - ABC 800-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Luxor - ABC 800.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/MAME 2000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/MAME 2000.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/MAME 2003-Plus-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/MAME 2003-Plus.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/MAME 2003-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/MAME 2003.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/MAME 2010-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/MAME 2010.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/MAME 2015-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/MAME 2015.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/MAME 2016-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/MAME 2016.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/MAME-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/MAME.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Magnavox - Odyssey-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Magnavox - Odyssey.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Magnavox - Odyssey2-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Magnavox - Odyssey2.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Mattel - Intellivision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Mattel - Intellivision.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Microsoft - MSX-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Microsoft - MSX.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Microsoft - MSX2-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Microsoft - MSX2.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Microsoft - XBOX 360 (Digital)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Microsoft - XBOX 360 (Digital).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Microsoft - Xbox (Development Kit Hard Drives)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Microsoft - Xbox (Development Kit Hard Drives).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Microsoft - Xbox 360 (Development Kit Hard Drives)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Microsoft - Xbox 360 (Development Kit Hard Drives).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Microsoft - Xbox 360 (Digital) (CDN)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Microsoft - Xbox 360 (Digital) (CDN).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Microsoft - Xbox 360-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Microsoft - Xbox 360.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Microsoft - Xbox One (Digital)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Microsoft - Xbox One (Digital).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Microsoft - Xbox One-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Microsoft - Xbox One.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Microsoft - Xbox-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Microsoft - Xbox.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Milton Bradley - Omni-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Milton Bradley - Omni.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Minecraft-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Minecraft.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Mobile - J2ME-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Mobile - J2ME.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Mobile - Palm OS (Digital)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Mobile - Palm OS (Digital).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Mobile - Palm OS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Mobile - Palm OS.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Mobile - Pocket PC (Digital)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Mobile - Pocket PC (Digital).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Mobile - Pocket PC-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Mobile - Pocket PC.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Mobile - Symbian-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Mobile - Symbian.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/MrBoom-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/MrBoom.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/NEC - PC Engine SuperGrafx-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/NEC - PC Engine SuperGrafx.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/NEC - PC-8001 - PC-8801-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/NEC - PC-8001 - PC-8801.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/NEC - PC-98-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/NEC - PC-98.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/NEC - PC-FX-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/NEC - PC-FX.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Namco, Sega, Nintendo - TriForce (Cartridges)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Namco, Sega, Nintendo - TriForce (Cartridges).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Neo Geo-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Neo Geo.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Nichibutsu - My Vision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Nichibutsu - My Vision.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Nintendo - Family BASIC (Cartridge).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Nintendo - Family BASIC (Tapes).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Nintendo - Family BASIC.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Nintendo - Family Computer Disk System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Nintendo - Family Computer Disk System.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Nintendo - Family Computer Network System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Nintendo - Family Computer Network System.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Nintendo - Game & Watch-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Nintendo - Game & Watch.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance (Multiboot)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance (Multiboot).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance (Play-Yan)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance (Play-Yan).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance (Video)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance (Video).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance (e-Reader)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance (e-Reader).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Nintendo - Game Boy Color-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Nintendo - Game Boy Color.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Nintendo - Game Boy-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Nintendo - Game Boy.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Nintendo - GameCube-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Nintendo - GameCube.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Nintendo - Kiosk Video Compact Flash-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Nintendo - Kiosk Video Compact Flash.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Nintendo - Misc-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Nintendo - Misc.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS (Digital) (Deprecated)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS (Digital) (Deprecated).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (AR Cards)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (AR Cards).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (DLC)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (DLC).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (Digital) (CDN)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (Digital) (CDN).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (Digital) (Deprecated)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (Digital) (Deprecated).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (Digital) (Dev ROMs)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (Digital) (Dev ROMs).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (Digital) (Pre Install)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (Digital) (Pre Install).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (Digital)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (Digital).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Nintendo - Nintendo 64 (Mario no Photopi SmartMedia)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Nintendo - Nintendo 64 (Mario no Photopi SmartMedia).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Nintendo - Nintendo 64-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Nintendo - Nintendo 64.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Nintendo - Nintendo 64DD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Nintendo - Nintendo 64DD.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Nintendo - Nintendo DS (Download Play) (BETA)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Nintendo - Nintendo DS (Download Play) (BETA).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Nintendo - Nintendo DS (Download Play)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Nintendo - Nintendo DS (Download Play).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Nintendo - Nintendo DS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Nintendo - Nintendo DS.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi (DLC)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi (DLC).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi (Digital) (CDN)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi (Digital) (CDN).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi (Digital)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi (Digital).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi Decrypted-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi Decrypted.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Nintendo - Nintendo GameCube (NPDP Carts)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Nintendo - Nintendo GameCube (NPDP Carts).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Nintendo - Pokemon Mini-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Nintendo - Pokemon Mini.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Nintendo - Satellaview-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Nintendo - Satellaview.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Nintendo - Sufami Turbo-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Nintendo - Sufami Turbo.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Nintendo - Switch-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Nintendo - Switch.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Nintendo - Virtual Boy-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Nintendo - Virtual Boy.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Nintendo - Wallpapers-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Nintendo - Wallpapers.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Nintendo - Wii (Digital) (CDN)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Nintendo - Wii (Digital) (CDN).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Nintendo - Wii U (Digital) (CDN) (Dev)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Nintendo - Wii U (Digital) (CDN) (Dev).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Nintendo - Wii U (Digital) (CDN) (Lotcheck)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Nintendo - Wii U (Digital) (CDN) (Lotcheck).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Nintendo - Wii U (Digital) (CDN)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Nintendo - Wii U (Digital) (CDN).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Nintendo - Wii U-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Nintendo - Wii U.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Nintendo - Wii-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Nintendo - Wii.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Nintendo - amiibo-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Nintendo - amiibo.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Nintendo - e-Reader-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Nintendo - e-Reader.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Nokia - N Gage (WIP)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Nokia - N Gage (WIP).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Nokia - N-Gage 2.0-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Nokia - N-Gage 2.0.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Nokia - N-Gage-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Nokia - N-Gage.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Non Redump - Apple - Macintosh (Discs) (Non Game)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Non Redump - Apple - Macintosh (Discs) (Non Game).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Non Redump - BD Video-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Non Redump - BD Video.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Non Redump - IBM - PC Compatible (Discs) (Non Game)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Non Redump - IBM - PC Compatible (Discs) (Non Game).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Non Redump - Konami - Python 2-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Non Redump - Konami - Python 2.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Non Redump - Microsoft - Pocket PC-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Non Redump - Microsoft - Pocket PC.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Non Redump - Microsoft - Xbox Series X-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Non Redump - Microsoft - Xbox Series X.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Non Redump - Sega - ALLS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Non Redump - Sega - ALLS.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Non Redump - Sony - PlayStation Portable-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Non Redump - Sony - PlayStation Portable.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Non Redump - Sony Electronic Book-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Non Redump - Sony Electronic Book.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Non Redump - Super Audio CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Non Redump - Super Audio CD.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Non Redump - ZAPiT Games - Game Wave Family Entertainment System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Non Redump - ZAPiT Games - Game Wave Family Entertainment System.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Non-Redump - Apple-Bandai - Pippin-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Non-Redump - Apple-Bandai - Pippin.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Non-Redump - Atari - Atari Jaguar CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Non-Redump - Atari - Atari Jaguar CD.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Non-Redump - Audio CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Non-Redump - Audio CD.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Non-Redump - DVD-Video-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Non-Redump - DVD-Video.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Non-Redump - IBM - PC Compatible (Discs) (Adult)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Non-Redump - IBM - PC Compatible (Discs) (Adult).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Non-Redump - IBM - PC Compatible (Discs)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Non-Redump - IBM - PC Compatible (Discs).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Non-Redump - Microsoft - Microsoft Xbox 360-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Non-Redump - Microsoft - Microsoft Xbox 360.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Non-Redump - Microsoft - Microsoft Xbox-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Non-Redump - Microsoft - Microsoft Xbox.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Non-Redump - Microsoft - Xbox One-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Non-Redump - Microsoft - Xbox One.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Non-Redump - NEC - PC Engine CD + TurboGrafx CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Non-Redump - NEC - PC Engine CD + TurboGrafx CD.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Non-Redump - Nintendo - Nintendo GameCube-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Non-Redump - Nintendo - Nintendo GameCube.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Non-Redump - Nintendo - Wii U-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Non-Redump - Nintendo - Wii U.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Non-Redump - Nintendo - Wii-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Non-Redump - Nintendo - Wii.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Non-Redump - Panasonic - 3DO Interactive Multiplayer-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Non-Redump - Panasonic - 3DO Interactive Multiplayer.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Non-Redump - Philips - CD-i-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Non-Redump - Philips - CD-i.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Non-Redump - Sega - Dreamcast-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Non-Redump - Sega - Dreamcast.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Non-Redump - Sega - Sega Mega CD + Sega CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Non-Redump - Sega - Sega Mega CD + Sega CD.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Non-Redump - Sega - Sega Saturn-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Non-Redump - Sega - Sega Saturn.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Non-Redump - Sony - PlayStation 2-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Non-Redump - Sony - PlayStation 2.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Non-Redump - Sony - PlayStation 3-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Non-Redump - Sony - PlayStation 3.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Non-Redump - Sony - PlayStation-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Non-Redump - Sony - PlayStation.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Ouya - Ouya-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Ouya - Ouya.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Philips - CD-i-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Philips - CD-i.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Philips - Videopac+-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Philips - Videopac+.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Quake II-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Quake II.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Quake III-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Quake III.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Quake-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Quake.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/RCA - Studio II-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/RCA - Studio II.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/RPG Maker-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/RPG Maker.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Rick Dangerous-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Rick Dangerous.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/SNK - Neo Geo CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/SNK - Neo Geo CD.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket Color-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket Color.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/SNK - Neo Geo-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/SNK - Neo Geo.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Sanyo - MBC 550-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Sanyo - MBC 550.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/ScummVM-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/ScummVM.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Sega - 32X-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Sega - 32X.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Sega - Beena-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Sega - Beena.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Sega - Dreamcast (Visual Memory Unit)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Sega - Dreamcast (Visual Memory Unit).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Sega - Dreamcast-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Sega - Dreamcast.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Sega - Game Gear-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Sega - Game Gear.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Sega - Master System - Mark III-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Sega - Master System - Mark III.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Sega - PICO-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Sega - PICO.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Sega - SG-1000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Sega - SG-1000.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Sega - Saturn-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Sega - Saturn.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Seta - Aleck64-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Seta - Aleck64.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Sharp - MZ 2200-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Sharp - MZ 2200.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Sharp - MZ 700-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Sharp - MZ 700.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Sharp - X1-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Sharp - X1.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Sharp - X68000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Sharp - X68000.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Sinclair - ZX 81-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Sinclair - ZX 81.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Sinclair - ZX Spectrum +3-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Sinclair - ZX Spectrum +3.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Sinclair - ZX Spectrum-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Sinclair - ZX Spectrum.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Sony - PlayStation (PS one Classics) (PSN)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Sony - PlayStation (PS one Classics) (PSN).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Sony - PlayStation (PocketStation)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Sony - PlayStation (PocketStation).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Sony - PlayStation 2-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Sony - PlayStation 2.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Sony - PlayStation 3 (DLC)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Sony - PlayStation 3 (DLC).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Sony - PlayStation 3 (Development Kit Hard Drives) (Decrypted)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Sony - PlayStation 3 (Development Kit Hard Drives) (Decrypted).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Sony - PlayStation 3 (Downloadable)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Sony - PlayStation 3 (Downloadable).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Sony - PlayStation 3 (PSN) (Content)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Sony - PlayStation 3 (PSN) (Content).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Sony - PlayStation 3 (PSN) (Updates)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Sony - PlayStation 3 (PSN) (Updates).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Sony - PlayStation 3 (PSN)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Sony - PlayStation 3 (PSN).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Sony - PlayStation 3-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Sony - PlayStation 3.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Sony - PlayStation 4-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Sony - PlayStation 4.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Sony - PlayStation Mobile (PSN)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Sony - PlayStation Mobile (PSN).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Sony - PlayStation Portable (DLC)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Sony - PlayStation Portable (DLC).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Sony - PlayStation Portable (PSN) (Encrypted)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Sony - PlayStation Portable (PSN) (Encrypted).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Sony - PlayStation Portable (PSN)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Sony - PlayStation Portable (PSN).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Sony - PlayStation Portable (PSX2PSP)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Sony - PlayStation Portable (PSX2PSP).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Sony - PlayStation Portable (UMD Music)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Sony - PlayStation Portable (UMD Music).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Sony - PlayStation Portable (UMD Video)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Sony - PlayStation Portable (UMD Video).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Sony - PlayStation Portable-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Sony - PlayStation Portable.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Sony - PlayStation Vita (PSN) (Content)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Sony - PlayStation Vita (PSN) (Content).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Sony - PlayStation Vita (PSN) (Updates)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Sony - PlayStation Vita (PSN) (Updates).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Sony - PlayStation Vita-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Sony - PlayStation Vita.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Sony - PlayStation-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Sony - PlayStation.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Source Code - Apple - I-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Source Code - Apple - I.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Source Code - Apple - II-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Source Code - Apple - II.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Source Code - Apple - IIGS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Source Code - Apple - IIGS.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Source Code - Atari - 8-bit-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Source Code - Atari - 8-bit.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Source Code - IBM - PC and Compatibles-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Source Code - IBM - PC and Compatibles.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Source Code - Microsoft - Xbox 360-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Source Code - Microsoft - Xbox 360.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Source Code - Mobile - Palm OS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Source Code - Mobile - Palm OS.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Source Code - Nintendo - Game Boy Advance-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Source Code - Nintendo - Game Boy Advance.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Source Code - Nintendo - Game Boy Color-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Source Code - Nintendo - Game Boy Color.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Source Code - Nintendo - Game Boy-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Source Code - Nintendo - Game Boy.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Source Code - Nintendo - GameCube-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Source Code - Nintendo - GameCube.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Source Code - Nintendo - Nintendo DS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Source Code - Nintendo - Nintendo DS.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Source Code - Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Source Code - Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Source Code - Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Source Code - Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Source Code - Panasonic - 3DO Interactive Multiplayer-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Source Code - Panasonic - 3DO Interactive Multiplayer.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Source Code - Sega - DreamCast-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Source Code - Sega - DreamCast.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Source Code - VM Labs - NUON-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Source Code - VM Labs - NUON.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Source Code - Various-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Source Code - Various.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Spectravideo - SVI-318 - SVI-328-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Spectravideo - SVI-318 - SVI-328.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/TIC-80-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/TIC-80.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Tangerine Computer Systems - Oric-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Tangerine Computer Systems - Oric.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/TeleNova - Compis-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/TeleNova - Compis.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Texas Instruments - TI 99 4A-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Texas Instruments - TI 99 4A.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/The 3DO Company - 3DO-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/The 3DO Company - 3DO.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Thomson - MOTO-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Thomson - MOTO.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Tiger - Game.com-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Tiger - Game.com.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Tomb Raider-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Tomb Raider.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Toshiba - Pasopia-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Toshiba - Pasopia.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Toshiba - Visicom-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Toshiba - Visicom.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Unofficial - Microsoft - XBOX 360 (Title Updates)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Unofficial - Microsoft - XBOX 360 (Title Updates).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Unofficial - Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (Digital) (Updates and DLC)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Unofficial - Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (Digital) (Updates and DLC).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Unofficial - Nintendo - Wii (Digital) (Split DLC)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Unofficial - Nintendo - Wii (Digital) (Split DLC).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Unofficial - Nintendo - Wii (Digital)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Unofficial - Nintendo - Wii (Digital).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Unofficial - Nintendo - Wii U (Digital)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Unofficial - Nintendo - Wii U (Digital).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Unofficial - Sony - PlayStation 3 (PSN) (Decrypted)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Unofficial - Sony - PlayStation 3 (PSN) (Decrypted).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Unofficial - Sony - PlayStation 4 (PSN)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Unofficial - Sony - PlayStation 4 (PSN).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Unofficial - Sony - PlayStation Portable (PSN) (Decrypted)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Unofficial - Sony - PlayStation Portable (PSN) (Decrypted).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Unofficial - Sony - PlayStation Portable (PSX2PSP)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Unofficial - Sony - PlayStation Portable (PSX2PSP).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Unofficial - Sony - PlayStation Portable (UMD Music)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Unofficial - Sony - PlayStation Portable (UMD Music).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Unofficial - Sony - PlayStation Portable (UMD Video)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Unofficial - Sony - PlayStation Portable (UMD Video).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Unofficial - Sony - PlayStation Portable-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Unofficial - Sony - PlayStation Portable.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Unofficial - Sony - PlayStation Vita (PSN) (Decrypted)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Unofficial - Sony - PlayStation Vita (PSN) (Decrypted).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Unofficial - Sony - PlayStation Vita-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Unofficial - Sony - PlayStation Vita.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Unofficial - Video Game Documents-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Unofficial - Video Game Documents.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Unofficial - Video Game Guide Scans-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Unofficial - Video Game Guide Scans.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Unofficial - Video Game Magazine Scans-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Unofficial - Video Game Magazine Scans.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Unofficial - Video Game Manual Scans-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Unofficial - Video Game Manual Scans.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Unofficial - Video Game Scans-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Unofficial - Video Game Scans.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Uzebox-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Uzebox.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/VM-Labs - NUON-(Digital)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/VM-Labs - NUON-(Digital).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/VM-Labs - NUON-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/VM-Labs - NUON.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/VTech - CreatiVision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/VTech - CreatiVision.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/VTech - Mobigo-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/VTech - Mobigo.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/VTech - V.Smile-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/VTech - V.Smile.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Watara - Supervision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Watara - Supervision.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Welback - Mega-Duck-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Welback - Mega-Duck.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Yamaha - Copera-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Yamaha - Copera.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Zeebo - Zeebo-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/Zeebo - Zeebo.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/achievement-list.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/add-favorite.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/add.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/arrow.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/battery-20.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/battery-40.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/battery-60.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/battery-80.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/battery-charging.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/battery-full.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/bg.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/bluetooth.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/clock.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/close.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/core-cheat-options.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/core-disk-options.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/core-infos.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/core-input-remapping-options.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/core-options.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/core-shader-options.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/core.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/cursor.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/database.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/default-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/default.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/dialog-slice.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/disc.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/favorites-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/favorites.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/file.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/folder.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/history.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/iQue - iQue-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/iQue - iQue.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/image.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/images.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/input_ADC.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/input_BIND_ALL.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/input_BTN-D.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/input_BTN-L.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/input_BTN-R.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/input_BTN-U.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/input_DPAD-D.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/input_DPAD-L.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/input_DPAD-R.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/input_DPAD-U.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/input_LB.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/input_LGUN.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/input_LT.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/input_MOUSE.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/input_RB.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/input_RT.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/input_SELECT.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/input_START.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/input_STCK-D.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/input_STCK-L.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/input_STCK-P.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/input_STCK-R.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/input_STCK-U.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/input_TURBO.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/key-hover.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/key.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/lakka.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/loadstate.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/menu_achievements.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/menu_add.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/menu_apply_cog.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/menu_apply_toggle.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/menu_audio.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/menu_brightness.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/menu_check.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/menu_drivers.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/menu_exit.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/menu_frameskip.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/menu_help.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/menu_hourglass.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/menu_info.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/menu_latency.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/menu_log.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/menu_mixer.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/menu_network.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/menu_notifications.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/menu_osd.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/menu_overlay.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/menu_override.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/menu_pause.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/menu_playlist.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/menu_power.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/menu_privacy.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/menu_quickmenu.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/menu_record.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/menu_rewind.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/menu_room.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/menu_room_lan.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/menu_room_relay.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/menu_saving.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/menu_shutdown.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/menu_stream.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/menu_ui.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/menu_updater.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/menu_user.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/menu_video.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/menu_volume_max.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/menu_volume_med.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/menu_volume_min.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/menu_volume_mute.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/movie.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/movies.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/music.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/musics.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/netplay.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/off.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/on.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/on_alt.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/pointer.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/reload.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/rename.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/resume.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/retroarch.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/run.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/savestate.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/screenshot.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/setting.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/settings.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/subsetting.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/undo.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/wifi.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/monochrome/png/zip.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/README.md
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/font.ttf
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/2048-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/2048.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/APF - MP-1000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/APF - MP-1000.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Amazon - Fire TV-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Amazon - Fire TV.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Amstrad - CPC-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Amstrad - CPC.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Amstrad - GX4000.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Apple-Bandai - Pippin-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Apple-Bandai - Pippin.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Atari - 2600-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Atari - 2600.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Atari - 5200-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Atari - 5200.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Atari - 7800 (E).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Atari - 7800-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Atari - 7800.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Atari - 8-bit-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Atari - 8-bit.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Atari - Jaguar CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Atari - Jaguar CD.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Atari - Jaguar-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Atari - Jaguar.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Atari - Lynx-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Atari - Lynx.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Atari - Pong-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Atari - Pong.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Atari - ST-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Atari - ST.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Atari - VCS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Atari - VCS.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Atari - XEGS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Atari - XEGS.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/BBC - Bridge Companion-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/BBC - Bridge Companion.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Bally - Astrocade-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Bally - Astrocade.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Bandai - Playdia-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Bandai - Playdia.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Bandai - Super Vision 8000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Bandai - Super Vision 8000.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Bandai - WonderSwan Color-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Bandai - WonderSwan Color.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Bandai - WonderSwan-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Bandai - WonderSwan.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Benesse - Pocket Challenge V2-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Benesse - Pocket Challenge V2.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Benesse - Pocket Challenge W-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Benesse - Pocket Challenge W.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Bit Corporation - Gamate-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Bit Corporation - Gamate.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/CHIP-8-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/CHIP-8.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Cannonball-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Cannonball.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Capcom - CP System I-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Capcom - CP System I.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Capcom - CP System II-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Capcom - CP System II.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Capcom - CP System III-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Capcom - CP System III.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Casio - Loopy-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Casio - Loopy.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Casio - PV-1000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Casio - PV-1000.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Cave Story-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Cave Story.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/ChaiLove-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/ChaiLove.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Coleco - ColecoVision ADAM-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Coleco - ColecoVision ADAM.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Coleco - ColecoVision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Coleco - ColecoVision.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Commodore - 64 (PP)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Commodore - 64 (PP).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Commodore - 64 (Tapes).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Commodore - 64-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Commodore - 64.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Commodore - Amiga-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Commodore - Amiga.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Commodore - CD32-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Commodore - CD32.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Commodore - Plus-4-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Commodore - Plus-4.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Commodore - VIC-20-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Commodore - VIC-20.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/DOOM-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/DOOM.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/DOS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/DOS.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Dinothawr-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Dinothawr.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Dungeon Crawl Stone Soup-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Dungeon Crawl Stone Soup.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Emerson - Arcadia 2001-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Emerson - Arcadia 2001.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Entex - Adventure Vision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Entex - Adventure Vision.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Entex - Select-A-Game-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Entex - Select-A-Game.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Epoch - Cassette Vision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Epoch - Cassette Vision.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Epoch - Game Pocket Computer.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Epoch - Super Cassette Vision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Epoch - Super Cassette Vision.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Epoch - TV Tennis Electrotennis-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Epoch - TV Tennis Electrotennis.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/FBNeo - Arcade Games-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/FBNeo - Arcade Games.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/FFmpeg-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/FFmpeg.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Fairchild - Channel F-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Fairchild - Channel F.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Flashback-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Flashback.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Fujitsu - FM Towns Marty-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Fujitsu - FM Towns Marty.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Fukutake Publishing - StudyBox-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Fukutake Publishing - StudyBox.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Funtech - Super Acan-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Funtech - Super Acan.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/GCE - Vectrex (E).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/GCE - Vectrex-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/GCE - Vectrex.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Gakken - Compact Vision TV Boy-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Gakken - Compact Vision TV Boy.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Game-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Game.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/GamePark - GP32-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/GamePark - GP32.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Google - Nexus Player-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Google - Nexus Player.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Google - Stadia-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Google - Stadia.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Handheld Electronic Game-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Handheld Electronic Game.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Hartung - Game Master-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Hartung - Game Master.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Interton - VC 4000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Interton - VC 4000.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Interton - Video 2000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Interton - Video 2000.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Konami - Picno-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Konami - Picno.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/LeapFrog - LeapPad-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/LeapFrog - LeapPad.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/LeapFrog - Leapster Learning Game System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/LeapFrog - Leapster Learning Game System.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/LeapFrog - My First LeapPad-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/LeapFrog - My First LeapPad.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Libretro - Pad.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Lutro-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Lutro.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/MAME 2000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/MAME 2000.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/MAME 2003-Plus-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/MAME 2003-Plus.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/MAME 2003-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/MAME 2003.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/MAME 2010-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/MAME 2010.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/MAME 2015-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/MAME 2015.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/MAME 2016-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/MAME 2016.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/MAME-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/MAME.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Magnavox - Odyssey-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Magnavox - Odyssey.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Magnavox - Odyssey2-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Magnavox - Odyssey2.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Mattel - HyperScan-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Mattel - HyperScan.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Mattel - Intellivision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Mattel - Intellivision.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Microsoft - MSX-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Microsoft - MSX.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Microsoft - MSX2-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Microsoft - MSX2.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Microsoft - Xbox 360 (Digital)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Microsoft - Xbox 360 (Digital).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Microsoft - Xbox 360-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Microsoft - Xbox 360.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Microsoft - Xbox One-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Microsoft - Xbox One.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Microsoft - Xbox Series X-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Microsoft - Xbox Series X.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Microsoft - Xbox-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Microsoft - Xbox.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Minecraft-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Minecraft.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/MrBoom-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/MrBoom.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16 (E).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/NEC - PC Engine SuperGrafx-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/NEC - PC Engine SuperGrafx.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/NEC - PC-98-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/NEC - PC-98.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/NEC - PC-FX-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/NEC - PC-FX.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Neo Geo-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Neo Geo.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Nichibutsu - My Vision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Nichibutsu - My Vision.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Nintendo - Family Computer Disk System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Nintendo - Family Computer Disk System.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Nintendo - Game Boy Color-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Nintendo - Game Boy Color.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Nintendo - Game Boy-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Nintendo - Game Boy.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Nintendo - GameCube-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Nintendo - GameCube.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (Digital)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (Digital).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Nintendo - Nintendo 64-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Nintendo - Nintendo 64.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Nintendo - Nintendo 64DD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Nintendo - Nintendo 64DD.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Nintendo - Nintendo DS Decrypted-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Nintendo - Nintendo DS Decrypted.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Nintendo - Nintendo DS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Nintendo - Nintendo DS.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi (DLC)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi (DLC).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi Decrypted-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi Decrypted.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System (J).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System-content (J).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Nintendo - Pokemon Mini-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Nintendo - Pokemon Mini.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Nintendo - Satellaview-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Nintendo - Satellaview.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Nintendo - Sufami Turbo-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Nintendo - Sufami Turbo.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System-content (E).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System-content (J).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System-content (U).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Nintendo - Switch-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Nintendo - Switch.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Nintendo - Virtual Boy-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Nintendo - Virtual Boy.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Nintendo - Wii U-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Nintendo - Wii U.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Nintendo - Wii-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Nintendo - Wii.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Philips - Videopac+-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Philips - Videopac+.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Pioneer - Laseractive-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Pioneer - Laseractive.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Quake II-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Quake II.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Quake III-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Quake III.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Quake-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Quake.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/RCA - Studio II-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/RCA - Studio II.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/RPG Maker-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/RPG Maker.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Rick Dangerous-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Rick Dangerous.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/SNK - Neo Geo CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/SNK - Neo Geo CD.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket Color-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket Color.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/SNK - Neo Geo-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/SNK - Neo Geo.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/ScummVM-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/ScummVM.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Sega - 32X-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Sega - 32X.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Sega - Beena-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Sega - Beena.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Sega - Dreamcast-content (J).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Sega - Dreamcast-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Sega - Dreamcast.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Sega - Game Gear-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Sega - Game Gear.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Sega - Master System - Mark III-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Sega - Master System - Mark III.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis-content (E).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis-content (J).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Sega - PICO-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Sega - PICO.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Sega - SG-1000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Sega - SG-1000.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Sega - Saturn-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Sega - Saturn.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Sharp - X68000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Sharp - X68000.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Sinclair - ZX 81-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Sinclair - ZX 81.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Sinclair - ZX Spectrum +3-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Sinclair - ZX Spectrum +3.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Sinclair - ZX Spectrum-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Sinclair - ZX Spectrum.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Sony - PlayStation 2-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Sony - PlayStation 2.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Sony - PlayStation 3 (DLC)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Sony - PlayStation 3 (DLC).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Sony - PlayStation 3-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Sony - PlayStation 3.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Sony - PlayStation 4-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Sony - PlayStation 4.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Sony - PlayStation Portable (PSN)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Sony - PlayStation Portable (PSN).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Sony - PlayStation Portable (UMD Video)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Sony - PlayStation Portable-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Sony - PlayStation Portable.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Sony - PlayStation Vita-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Sony - PlayStation Vita.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Sony - PlayStation-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Sony - PlayStation.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/TIC-80-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/TIC-80.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/The 3DO Company - 3DO-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/The 3DO Company - 3DO.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Thomson - MOTO-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Thomson - MOTO.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Tiger - Game.com-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Tiger - Game.com.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Tomb Raider-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Tomb Raider.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Tomy - Tutor-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Tomy - Tutor.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Uzebox-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Uzebox.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/VM Labs - NUON-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/VM Labs - NUON.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/VTech - 3D Gamate-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/VTech - 3D Gamate.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/VTech - CreatiVision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/VTech - CreatiVision.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/VTech - V.Smile-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/VTech - V.Smile.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Watara - Supervision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/Watara - Supervision.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/achievement-list.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/add-favorite.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/add.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/arrow.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/battery-20.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/battery-40.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/battery-60.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/battery-80.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/battery-charging.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/battery-full.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/bg.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/bg_triangles.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/bg_waves.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/bluetooth.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/clock.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/close.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/core-cheat-options.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/core-disk-options.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/core-infos.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/core-input-remapping-options.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/core-options.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/core-shader-options.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/core.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/cursor.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/database.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/default-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/default.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/dialog-slice.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/favorites-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/favorites.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/file.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/folder.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/history.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/iQue - iQue-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/iQue - iQue.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/image.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/images.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/input_ADC.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/input_BIND_ALL.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/input_BTN-D.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/input_BTN-L.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/input_BTN-R.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/input_BTN-U.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/input_DPAD-D.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/input_DPAD-L.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/input_DPAD-R.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/input_DPAD-U.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/input_LB.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/input_LGUN.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/input_LT.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/input_MOUSE.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/input_RB.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/input_RT.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/input_SELECT.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/input_START.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/input_STCK-D.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/input_STCK-L.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/input_STCK-P.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/input_STCK-R.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/input_STCK-U.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/input_TURBO.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/key-hover.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/key.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/lakka.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/loadstate.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/menu_achievements.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/menu_add.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/menu_apply_cog.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/menu_apply_toggle.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/menu_audio.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/menu_brightness.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/menu_check.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/menu_drivers.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/menu_exit.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/menu_frameskip.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/menu_help.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/menu_hourglass.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/menu_info.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/menu_latency.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/menu_log.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/menu_mixer.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/menu_network.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/menu_notifications.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/menu_osd.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/menu_overlay.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/menu_override.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/menu_pause.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/menu_playlist.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/menu_power.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/menu_privacy.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/menu_quickmenu.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/menu_record.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/menu_rewind.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/menu_room.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/menu_room_lan.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/menu_room_relay.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/menu_saving.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/menu_shutdown.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/menu_stream.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/menu_ui.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/menu_updater.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/menu_user.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/menu_video.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/menu_volume_max.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/menu_volume_med.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/menu_volume_min.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/menu_volume_mute.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/movie.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/movies.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/music.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/musics.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/netplay.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/off.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/on.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/pointer.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/reload.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/rename.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/resume.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/retroarch.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/run.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/savestate.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/screenshot.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/setting.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/settings.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/subsetting.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/undo.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/wifi.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/neoactive/png/zip.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/Atari - 2600-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/Atari - 2600.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/Atari - 7800-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/Atari - 7800.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/Atari - Jaguar-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/Atari - Jaguar.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/Atari - Lynx-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/Atari - Lynx.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/Atari - ST-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/Atari - ST.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/Bandai - WonderSwan Color-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/Bandai - WonderSwan Color.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/Bandai - WonderSwan-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/Bandai - WonderSwan.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/Cave Story-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/Cave Story.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/ChaiLove-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/ChaiLove.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/Coleco - ColecoVision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/Coleco - ColecoVision.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/Commodore Amiga-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/Commodore Amiga.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/DOOM-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/DOOM.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/DOS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/DOS.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/FBNeo - Arcade Games-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/FBNeo - Arcade Games.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/FFmpeg-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/FFmpeg.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/GCE - Vectrex-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/GCE - Vectrex.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/Game-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/Game.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/Handheld Electronic Game.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/Lutro-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/Lutro.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/MAME 2000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/MAME 2000.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/MAME 2003-Plus-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/MAME 2003-Plus.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/MAME 2003-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/MAME 2003.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/MAME 2010-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/MAME 2010.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/MAME 2015-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/MAME 2015.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/MAME 2016-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/MAME 2016.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/MAME-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/MAME.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/Magnavox - Odyssey2-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/Magnavox - Odyssey2.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/Microsoft - MSX-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/Microsoft - MSX.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/Microsoft - MSX2-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/Microsoft - MSX2.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/NEC - PC Engine SuperGrafx-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/NEC - PC Engine SuperGrafx.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/NEC - PC-FX-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/NEC - PC-FX.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/Neo Geo-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/Neo Geo.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/Nintendo - Family Computer Disk System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/Nintendo - Family Computer Disk System.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/Nintendo - Game Boy Color-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/Nintendo - Game Boy Color.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/Nintendo - Game Boy-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/Nintendo - Game Boy.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/Nintendo - GameCube-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/Nintendo - GameCube.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/Nintendo - Nintendo 64-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/Nintendo - Nintendo 64.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/Nintendo - Nintendo DS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/Nintendo - Nintendo DS.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/Nintendo - Satellaview-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/Nintendo - Satellaview.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/Nintendo - Sufami Turbo.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/Nintendo - Virtual Boy-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/Nintendo - Virtual Boy.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/Nintendo - Wii-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/Nintendo - Wii.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/Quake II-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/Quake II.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/Quake III-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/Quake III.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/Quake-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/Quake.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket Color-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket Color.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/ScummVM-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/ScummVM.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/Sega - 32X-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/Sega - 32X.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/Sega - Dreamcast-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/Sega - Dreamcast.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/Sega - Game Gear-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/Sega - Game Gear.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/Sega - Master System - Mark III-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/Sega - Master System - Mark III.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/Sega - SG-1000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/Sega - SG-1000.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/Sega - Saturn-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/Sega - Saturn.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/Sinclair - ZX Spectrum +3-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/Sinclair - ZX Spectrum +3.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/Sony - PlayStation Portable-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/Sony - PlayStation Portable.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/Sony - PlayStation-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/Sony - PlayStation.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/The 3DO Company - 3DO-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/The 3DO Company - 3DO.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/achievement-list.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/add-favorite.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/add.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/arrow.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/battery-charging.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/battery-full.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/bg.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/clock.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/close.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/core-cheat-options.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/core-disk-options.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/core-infos.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/core-input-remapping-options.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/core-options.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/core-shader-options.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/core.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/cursor.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/database.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/default-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/default.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/dialog-slice.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/favorites-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/favorites.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/file.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/folder.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/history.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/image.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/images.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/key-hover.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/key.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/lakka.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/loadstate.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/movie.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/movies.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/music.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/musics.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/netplay.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/off.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/on.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/pointer.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/reload.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/resume.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/retroarch.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/run.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/savestate.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/screenshot.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/setting.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/settings.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/subsetting.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/undo.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/wifi.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/pixel/png/zip.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/README.md
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/font.ttf
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/2048-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/2048.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/APF - MP-1000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/APF - MP-1000.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Amazon - Fire TV-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Amazon - Fire TV.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Amstrad - CPC-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Amstrad - CPC.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Amstrad - GX4000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Amstrad - GX4000.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Apple-Bandai - Pippin-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Apple-Bandai - Pippin.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Atari - 2600-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Atari - 2600.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Atari - 5200-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Atari - 5200.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Atari - 7800 (E).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Atari - 7800 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Atari - 7800-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Atari - 7800.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Atari - 8-bit-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Atari - 8-bit.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Atari - Jaguar CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Atari - Jaguar CD.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Atari - Jaguar-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Atari - Jaguar.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Atari - Lynx-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Atari - Lynx.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Atari - Pong-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Atari - Pong.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Atari - ST-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Atari - ST.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Atari - VCS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Atari - VCS.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Atari - XEGS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Atari - XEGS.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/BBC - Bridge Companion-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/BBC - Bridge Companion.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Bally - Astrocade-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Bally - Astrocade.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Bandai - Playdia-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Bandai - Playdia.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Bandai - Super Vision 8000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Bandai - Super Vision 8000.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Bandai - WonderSwan Color-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Bandai - WonderSwan Color.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Bandai - WonderSwan-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Bandai - WonderSwan.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Benesse - Pocket Challenge V2-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Benesse - Pocket Challenge V2.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Benesse - Pocket Challenge W-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Benesse - Pocket Challenge W.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Bit Corporation - Gamate-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Bit Corporation - Gamate.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/CHIP-8-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/CHIP-8.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Cannonball-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Cannonball.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Capcom - CP System I-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Capcom - CP System I.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Capcom - CP System II (J).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Capcom - CP System II-content (As).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Capcom - CP System II-content (B).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Capcom - CP System II-content (J).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Capcom - CP System II-content (Rental).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Capcom - CP System II-content (W).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Capcom - CP System II-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Capcom - CP System II.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Capcom - CP System III-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Capcom - CP System III.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Casio - Loopy-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Casio - Loopy.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Casio - PV-1000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Casio - PV-1000.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Cave Story-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Cave Story.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/ChaiLove-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/ChaiLove.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Coleco - ColecoVision ADAM-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Coleco - ColecoVision ADAM.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Coleco - ColecoVision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Coleco - ColecoVision.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Commodore - 64 (PP)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Commodore - 64 (PP).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Commodore - 64 (Tapes)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Commodore - 64 (Tapes).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Commodore - 64-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Commodore - 64.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Commodore - Amiga-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Commodore - Amiga.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Commodore - CD32-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Commodore - CD32.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Commodore - Plus-4-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Commodore - Plus-4.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Commodore - VIC-20-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Commodore - VIC-20.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/DOOM-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/DOOM.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/DOS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/DOS.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Dinothawr-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Dinothawr.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Dungeon Crawl Stone Soup-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Dungeon Crawl Stone Soup.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Emerson - Arcadia 2001-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Emerson - Arcadia 2001.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Entex - Adventure Vision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Entex - Adventure Vision.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Entex - Select-A-Game-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Entex - Select-A-Game.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Epoch - Cassette Vision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Epoch - Cassette Vision.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Epoch - Game Pocket Computer-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Epoch - Game Pocket Computer.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Epoch - Super Cassette Vision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Epoch - Super Cassette Vision.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Epoch - TV Tennis Electrotennis-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Epoch - TV Tennis Electrotennis.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/FBNeo - Arcade Games-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/FBNeo - Arcade Games.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/FFmpeg-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/FFmpeg.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Fairchild - Channel F-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Fairchild - Channel F.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Flashback-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Flashback.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Fujitsu - FM Towns Marty-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Fujitsu - FM Towns Marty.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Fukutake Publishing - StudyBox-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Fukutake Publishing - StudyBox.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Funtech - Super Acan-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Funtech - Super Acan.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/GCE - Vectrex (E).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/GCE - Vectrex-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/GCE - Vectrex.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Gakken - Compact Vision TV Boy-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Gakken - Compact Vision TV Boy.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Game-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Game.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/GamePark - GP32-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/GamePark - GP32.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Google - Nexus Player-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Google - Nexus Player.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Google - Stadia.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Handheld Electronic Game-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Handheld Electronic Game.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Hartung - Game Master-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Hartung - Game Master.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Interton - VC 4000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Interton - VC 4000.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Interton - Video 2000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Interton - Video 2000.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Konami - Picno-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Konami - Picno.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/LeapFrog - LeapPad-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/LeapFrog - LeapPad.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/LeapFrog - Leapster Learning Game System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/LeapFrog - Leapster Learning Game System.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/LeapFrog - My First LeapPad-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/LeapFrog - My First LeapPad.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Libretro - Pad.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Lutro-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Lutro.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/MAME 2000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/MAME 2000.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/MAME 2003-Plus-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/MAME 2003-Plus.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/MAME 2003-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/MAME 2003.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/MAME 2010-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/MAME 2010.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/MAME 2015-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/MAME 2015.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/MAME 2016-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/MAME 2016.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/MAME-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/MAME.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Magnavox - Odyssey-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Magnavox - Odyssey.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Magnavox - Odyssey2-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Magnavox - Odyssey2.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Mattel - HyperScan-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Mattel - HyperScan.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Mattel - Intellivision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Mattel - Intellivision.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Microsoft - MSX-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Microsoft - MSX.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Microsoft - MSX2-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Microsoft - MSX2.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Microsoft - Xbox 360 (Digital)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Microsoft - Xbox 360 (Digital).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Microsoft - Xbox 360-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Microsoft - Xbox 360.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Microsoft - Xbox One-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Microsoft - Xbox One.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Microsoft - Xbox Series X-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Microsoft - Xbox Series X.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Microsoft - Xbox-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Microsoft - Xbox.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Milton Bradley - Microvision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Milton Bradley - Microvision.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Minecraft-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Minecraft.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/MrBoom-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/MrBoom.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16 (E).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16-content (E).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16-content (J).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16-content (U).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/NEC - PC Engine SuperGrafx-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/NEC - PC Engine SuperGrafx.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/NEC - PC-98-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/NEC - PC-98.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/NEC - PC-FX-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/NEC - PC-FX.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Neo Geo-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Neo Geo.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Nichibutsu - My Vision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Nichibutsu - My Vision.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Nintendo - Family Computer Disk System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Nintendo - Family Computer Disk System.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance (e-Reader)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance (e-Reader).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Nintendo - Game Boy Color-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Nintendo - Game Boy Color.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Nintendo - Game Boy-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Nintendo - Game Boy.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Nintendo - GameCube (J).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Nintendo - GameCube (U).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Nintendo - GameCube-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Nintendo - GameCube.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (DLC)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (DLC).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (Digital)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (Digital).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Nintendo - Nintendo 64-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Nintendo - Nintendo 64.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Nintendo - Nintendo 64DD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Nintendo - Nintendo 64DD.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Nintendo - Nintendo DS (Download Play)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Nintendo - Nintendo DS (Download Play).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Nintendo - Nintendo DS Decrypted-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Nintendo - Nintendo DS Decrypted.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Nintendo - Nintendo DS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Nintendo - Nintendo DS.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi (DLC)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi (DLC).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi Decrypted-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi Decrypted.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System (J).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System-content (J).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Nintendo - Pokemon Mini-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Nintendo - Pokemon Mini.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Nintendo - Satellaview-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Nintendo - Satellaview.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Nintendo - Sufami Turbo-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Nintendo - Sufami Turbo.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System (J).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System-content (E).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System-content (J).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System-content (U).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Nintendo - Switch Color Joy.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Nintendo - Switch-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Nintendo - Switch.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Nintendo - Virtual Boy-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Nintendo - Virtual Boy.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Nintendo - Wii (Digital)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Nintendo - Wii (Digital).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Nintendo - Wii U WUP-010 W.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Nintendo - Wii U-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Nintendo - Wii U.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Nintendo - Wii-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Nintendo - Wii.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Nintendo - e-Reader-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Nintendo - e-Reader.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Nokia - N-Gage-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Nokia - N-Gage.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Philips - Videopac+-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Philips - Videopac+.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Pioneer - Laseractive-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Pioneer - Laseractive.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Quake II-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Quake II.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Quake III-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Quake III.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Quake-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Quake.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/RCA - Studio II-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/RCA - Studio II.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/RPG Maker-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/RPG Maker.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Rick Dangerous-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Rick Dangerous.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/SNK - Neo Geo CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/SNK - Neo Geo CD.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket Color-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket Color.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/SNK - Neo Geo-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/SNK - Neo Geo.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/SSD - Xavixport-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/ScummVM-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/ScummVM.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Sega - 32X (E).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Sega - 32X (J).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Sega - 32X-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Sega - 32X.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Sega - Beena-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Sega - Beena.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Sega - Dreamcast-content (E).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Sega - Dreamcast-content (J).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Sega - Dreamcast-content (U).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Sega - Dreamcast-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Sega - Dreamcast.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Sega - Game Gear-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Sega - Game Gear.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Sega - Master System - Mark III-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Sega - Master System - Mark III.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis (E).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis (J).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis-content (E).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis-content (J).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis-content (U).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Sega - PICO-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Sega - PICO.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Sega - SG-1000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Sega - SG-1000.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Sega - Saturn (U).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Sega - Saturn-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Sega - Saturn.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Sharp - X68000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Sharp - X68000.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Sinclair - ZX 81-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Sinclair - ZX 81.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Sinclair - ZX Spectrum +3-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Sinclair - ZX Spectrum +3.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Sinclair - ZX Spectrum-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Sinclair - ZX Spectrum.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Sony - PlayStation 2-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Sony - PlayStation 2.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Sony - PlayStation 3 (DLC)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Sony - PlayStation 3 (DLC).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Sony - PlayStation 3 (Downloadable)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Sony - PlayStation 3 (Downloadable).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Sony - PlayStation 3 (PSN)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Sony - PlayStation 3 (PSN).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Sony - PlayStation 3-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Sony - PlayStation 3.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Sony - PlayStation 4-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Sony - PlayStation 4.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Sony - PlayStation Portable (DLC)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Sony - PlayStation Portable (DLC).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Sony - PlayStation Portable (PSN)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Sony - PlayStation Portable (PSN).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Sony - PlayStation Portable (PSX2PSP)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Sony - PlayStation Portable (PSX2PSP).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Sony - PlayStation Portable (UMD Music)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Sony - PlayStation Portable (UMD Music).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Sony - PlayStation Portable (UMD Video)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Sony - PlayStation Portable (UMD Video).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Sony - PlayStation Portable-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Sony - PlayStation Portable.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Sony - PlayStation Vita-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Sony - PlayStation Vita.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Sony - PlayStation-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Sony - PlayStation.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Spectravideo - SVI-318 - SVI-328-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Spectravideo - SVI-318 - SVI-328.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/TIC-80-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/TIC-80.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Tapwave - Zodiac-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Tapwave - Zodiac.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/The 3DO Company - 3DO-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/The 3DO Company - 3DO.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Thomson - MOTO-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Thomson - MOTO.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Tiger - Game.com-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Tiger - Game.com.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Tiger - Gizmondo-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Tiger - Gizmondo.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Tomb Raider-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Tomb Raider.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Tomy - Tutor-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Tomy - Tutor.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Umtech - VideoBrain-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Uzebox-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Uzebox.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/VM Labs - NUON-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/VM Labs - NUON.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/VTech - 3D Gamate-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/VTech - 3D Gamate.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/VTech - CreatiVision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/VTech - CreatiVision.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/VTech - Socrates-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/VTech - V.Flash-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/VTech - V.Smile-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/VTech - V.Smile.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Watara - Supervision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/Watara - Supervision.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/achievement-list.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/add-favorite.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/add.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/arrow.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/battery-20.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/battery-40.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/battery-60.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/battery-80.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/battery-charging.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/battery-full.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/bg.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/bg_triangles.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/bg_waves.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/bluetooth.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/clock.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/close.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/core-cheat-options.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/core-disk-options.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/core-infos.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/core-input-remapping-options.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/core-options.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/core-shader-options.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/core.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/cursor.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/database.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/default-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/default.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/dialog-slice.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/favorites-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/favorites.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/file.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/folder.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/history.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/iQue - iQue-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/iQue - iQue.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/image.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/images.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/input_ADC.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/input_BIND_ALL.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/input_BTN-D.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/input_BTN-L.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/input_BTN-R.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/input_BTN-U.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/input_DPAD-D.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/input_DPAD-L.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/input_DPAD-R.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/input_DPAD-U.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/input_LB.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/input_LGUN.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/input_LT.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/input_MOUSE.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/input_RB.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/input_RT.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/input_SELECT.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/input_START.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/input_STCK-D.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/input_STCK-L.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/input_STCK-P.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/input_STCK-R.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/input_STCK-U.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/input_TURBO.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/key-hover.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/key.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/lakka.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/loadstate.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/menu_achievements.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/menu_add.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/menu_apply_cog.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/menu_apply_toggle.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/menu_audio.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/menu_brightness.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/menu_check.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/menu_drivers.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/menu_exit.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/menu_frameskip.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/menu_help.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/menu_hourglass.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/menu_info.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/menu_latency.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/menu_log.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/menu_mixer.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/menu_network.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/menu_notifications.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/menu_osd.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/menu_overlay.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/menu_override.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/menu_pause.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/menu_playlist.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/menu_power.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/menu_privacy.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/menu_quickmenu.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/menu_record.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/menu_rewind.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/menu_room.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/menu_room_lan.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/menu_room_relay.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/menu_saving.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/menu_shutdown.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/menu_stream.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/menu_ui.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/menu_updater.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/menu_user.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/menu_video.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/menu_volume_max.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/menu_volume_med.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/menu_volume_min.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/menu_volume_mute.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/movie.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/movies.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/music.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/musics.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/netplay.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/off.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/on.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/pointer.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/reload.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/rename.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/resume.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/retroarch.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/run.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/savestate.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/screenshot.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/setting.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/settings.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/subsetting.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/undo.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/wifi.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retroactive/png/zip.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/README.md
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/font.ttf
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/2048-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/2048.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Amstrad - CPC-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Amstrad - CPC.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Arcade - Action-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Arcade - Action.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Arcade - BeatEmUp-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Arcade - BeatEmUp.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Arcade - Driving-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Arcade - Driving.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Arcade - Fighting-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Arcade - Fighting.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Arcade - Lightgun-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Arcade - Lightgun.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Arcade - Mature-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Arcade - Mature.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Arcade - Maze-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Arcade - Maze.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Arcade - Misc-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Arcade - Misc.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Arcade - Platform-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Arcade - Platform.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Arcade - PlatformSingle-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Arcade - PlatformSingle.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Arcade - Puzzle-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Arcade - Puzzle.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Arcade - STGHori-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Arcade - STGHori.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Arcade - STGMisc-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Arcade - STGMisc-content2.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Arcade - STGMisc.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Arcade - STGSingle-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Arcade - STGSingle.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Arcade - STGVert-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Arcade - STGVert.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Arcade - Sports-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Arcade - Sports.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Atari - 2600-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Atari - 2600.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Atari - 5200-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Atari - 5200.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Atari - 7800 (E).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Atari - 7800-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Atari - 7800.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Atari - Jaguar CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Atari - Jaguar CD.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Atari - Jaguar-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Atari - Jaguar.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Atari - Lynx-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Atari - Lynx.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Atari - ST-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Atari - ST.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Atari - XEGS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Atari - XEGS.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Bally - Astrocade-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Bally - Astrocade.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Bandai - WonderSwan Color-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Bandai - WonderSwan Color.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Bandai - WonderSwan-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Bandai - WonderSwan.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Benesse - Pocket Challenge V2-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Benesse - Pocket Challenge V2.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/CHIP-8-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/CHIP-8.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Capcom - CP System I-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Capcom - CP System I.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Capcom - CP System II (J).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Capcom - CP System II-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Capcom - CP System II.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Capcom - CP System III-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Capcom - CP System III.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Casio - Loopy-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Casio - Loopy.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Casio - PV-1000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Casio - PV-1000.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Cave Story-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Cave Story.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/ChaiLove-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/ChaiLove.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Coleco - ColecoVision ADAM-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Coleco - ColecoVision ADAM.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Coleco - ColecoVision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Coleco - ColecoVision.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Commodore - 64-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Commodore - 64.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Commodore - Amiga-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Commodore - Amiga.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Commodore - Plus-4-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Commodore - Plus-4.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Commodore - VIC-20-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Commodore - VIC-20.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/DOOM-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/DOOM.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/DOS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/DOS.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Dinothawr-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Dinothawr.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Dungeon Crawl Stone Soup-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Dungeon Crawl Stone Soup.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Emerson - Arcadia 2001-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Emerson - Arcadia 2001.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Entex - Adventure Vision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Entex - Adventure Vision.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Epoch - Super Cassette Vision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Epoch - Super Cassette Vision.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/FBNeo - Arcade Games-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/FBNeo - Arcade Games.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/FFmpeg-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/FFmpeg.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Fairchild - Channel F-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Fairchild - Channel F.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Funtech - Super Acan-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Funtech - Super Acan.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/GCE - Vectrex (E).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/GCE - Vectrex (U).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/GCE - Vectrex-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/GCE - Vectrex.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Game-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Game.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/GamePark - GP32-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/GamePark - GP32.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Handheld Electronic Game-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Handheld Electronic Game.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Hartung - Game Master-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Hartung - Game Master.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/LeapFrog - Leapster Learning Game System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/LeapFrog - Leapster Learning Game System.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Libretro - Pad.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Lutro-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Lutro.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/MAME 2000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/MAME 2000.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/MAME 2003-Plus-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/MAME 2003-Plus.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/MAME 2003-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/MAME 2003.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/MAME 2010-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/MAME 2010.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/MAME 2015-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/MAME 2015.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/MAME 2016-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/MAME 2016.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/MAME-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/MAME.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Magnavox - Odyssey2-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Magnavox - Odyssey2.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Mattel - Intellivision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Mattel - Intellivision.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Microsoft - MSX-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Microsoft - MSX.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Microsoft - MSX2-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Microsoft - MSX2.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Microsoft - Xbox 360 W.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Microsoft - Xbox 360-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Microsoft - Xbox 360.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Microsoft - Xbox One-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Microsoft - Xbox One.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Microsoft - Xbox-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Microsoft - Xbox.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Minecraft-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Minecraft.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/MrBoom-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/MrBoom.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16 (E)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16 (E).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16 (J)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16 (U)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/NEC - PC Engine SuperGrafx-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/NEC - PC Engine SuperGrafx.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/NEC - PC-98-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/NEC - PC-98.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/NEC - PC-FX-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/NEC - PC-FX.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Neo Geo-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Neo Geo.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Nintendo - Family Computer Disk System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Nintendo - Family Computer Disk System.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance (SP).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Nintendo - Game Boy Color-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Nintendo - Game Boy Color.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Nintendo - Game Boy-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Nintendo - Game Boy.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Nintendo - GameCube (J).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Nintendo - GameCube (U).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Nintendo - GameCube-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Nintendo - GameCube.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS black.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Nintendo - Nintendo 64-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Nintendo - Nintendo 64.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Nintendo - Nintendo 64DD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Nintendo - Nintendo 64DD.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Nintendo - Nintendo DS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Nintendo - Nintendo DS.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System (J)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System (J).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System-content alt.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Nintendo - Pokemon Mini-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Nintendo - Pokemon Mini.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Nintendo - Satellaview-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Nintendo - Satellaview.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Nintendo - Sufami Turbo-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Nintendo - Sufami Turbo.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System (E)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System (J)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System (J).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System (U).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Nintendo - Switch Black.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Nintendo - Switch-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Nintendo - Switch.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Nintendo - Virtual Boy-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Nintendo - Virtual Boy.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Nintendo - Wii U Black.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Nintendo - Wii U-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Nintendo - Wii U.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Nintendo - Wii-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Nintendo - Wii.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Philips - Videopac+-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Philips - Videopac+.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Quake II-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Quake II.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Quake III-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Quake III.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Quake-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Quake.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/RCA - Studio II-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/RCA - Studio II.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/RPG Maker-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/RPG Maker.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Rick Dangerous-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Rick Dangerous.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/SNK - Neo Geo CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/SNK - Neo Geo CD.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket Color-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket Color.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/SNK - Neo Geo-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/SNK - Neo Geo.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/ScummVM-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/ScummVM.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Sega - 32X (E).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Sega - 32X (J).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Sega - 32X-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Sega - 32X.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Sega - Dreamcast (J)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Sega - Dreamcast (U)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Sega - Dreamcast-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Sega - Dreamcast.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Sega - Game Gear-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Sega - Game Gear.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Sega - Mark III-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Sega - Mark III.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Sega - Master System - Mark III-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Sega - Master System - Mark III.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis (E)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis (E).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis (J)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis (J).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis (U)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Sega - PICO-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Sega - PICO.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Sega - SG-1000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Sega - SG-1000.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Sega - Saturn (J).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Sega - Saturn (U).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Sega - Saturn-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Sega - Saturn.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Sharp - X68000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Sharp - X68000.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Sinclair - ZX 81-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Sinclair - ZX 81.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Sinclair - ZX Spectrum +3-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Sinclair - ZX Spectrum +3.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Sinclair - ZX Spectrum-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Sinclair - ZX Spectrum.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Sony - PlayStation 2-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Sony - PlayStation 2.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Sony - PlayStation 3-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Sony - PlayStation 3.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Sony - PlayStation 4-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Sony - PlayStation 4.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Sony - PlayStation Portable-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Sony - PlayStation Portable.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Sony - PlayStation Vita-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Sony - PlayStation Vita.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Sony - PlayStation-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Sony - PlayStation.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Spectravideo - SVI-318 - SVI-328-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Spectravideo - SVI-318 - SVI-328.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/The 3DO Company - 3DO-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/The 3DO Company - 3DO.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Thomson - MOTO-cartridge.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Thomson - MOTO-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Thomson - MOTO.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Thomson - TO8D.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Tiger - Game.com-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Tiger - Game.com.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Tomb Raider-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Tomb Raider.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Uzebox-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Uzebox.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/VTech - CreatiVision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/VTech - CreatiVision.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/VTech - V.Smile-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/VTech - V.Smile.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Watara - Supervision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/Watara - Supervision.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/achievement-list.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/add-favorite.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/add.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/arrow.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/battery-20.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/battery-40.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/battery-60.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/battery-80.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/battery-charging.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/battery-full.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/bg.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/bluetooth.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/clock.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/close.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/core-cheat-options.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/core-disk-options.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/core-infos.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/core-input-remapping-options.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/core-options.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/core-shader-options.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/core.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/cursor.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/database.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/default-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/default.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/dialog-slice.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/favorites-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/favorites.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/file.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/folder.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/history.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/image.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/images.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/input_ADC.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/input_BIND_ALL.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/input_BTN-D.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/input_BTN-L.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/input_BTN-R.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/input_BTN-U.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/input_DPAD-D.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/input_DPAD-L.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/input_DPAD-R.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/input_DPAD-U.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/input_LB.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/input_LGUN.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/input_LT.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/input_MOUSE.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/input_RB.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/input_RT.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/input_SELECT.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/input_START.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/input_STCK-D.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/input_STCK-L.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/input_STCK-P.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/input_STCK-R.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/input_STCK-U.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/input_TURBO.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/key-hover.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/key.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/lakka.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/loadstate.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/menu_achievements.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/menu_add.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/menu_apply_cog.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/menu_apply_toggle.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/menu_audio.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/menu_brightness.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/menu_check.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/menu_drivers.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/menu_exit.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/menu_frameskip.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/menu_help.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/menu_hourglass.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/menu_info.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/menu_latency.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/menu_log.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/menu_mixer.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/menu_network.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/menu_notifications.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/menu_osd.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/menu_overlay.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/menu_override.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/menu_pause.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/menu_playlist.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/menu_power.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/menu_privacy.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/menu_quickmenu.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/menu_record.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/menu_rewind.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/menu_room.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/menu_room_lan.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/menu_room_relay.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/menu_saving.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/menu_shutdown.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/menu_stream.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/menu_ui.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/menu_updater.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/menu_user.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/menu_video.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/menu_volume_max.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/menu_volume_med.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/menu_volume_min.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/menu_volume_mute.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/movie.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/movies.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/music.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/musics.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/netplay.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/off.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/on.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/pointer.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/reload.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/rename.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/resume.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/retroarch.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/run.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/savestate.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/screenshot.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/setting.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/settings.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/subsetting.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/undo.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/wifi.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/retrosystem/png/zip.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/README.md
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/font.ttf
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/1292 Advanced Programmable Video System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/1292 Advanced Programmable Video System.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/2048-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/2048.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/ACT - Apricot PC Xi-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/ACT - Apricot PC Xi.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/APF - Imagination Machine-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/APF - Imagination Machine.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/APF - MP-1000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/APF - MP-1000.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Acorn - Archimedes-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Acorn - Archimedes.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Acorn - Atom (Tapes)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Acorn - Atom (Tapes).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Acorn - Atom-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Acorn - Atom.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Acorn - BBC Micro-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Acorn - BBC Micro.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Acorn - Risc PC-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Acorn - Risc PC.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Acorn RISC OS - Flash Media-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Acorn RISC OS - Flash Media.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Amazon - Fire TV (2nd Gen).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Amazon - Fire TV (3rd Gen).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Amazon - Fire TV Cube.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Amazon - Fire TV-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Amazon - Fire TV.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Amazon - Luna-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Amazon - Luna.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Amstrad - CPC-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Amstrad - CPC.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Amstrad - GX4000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Amstrad - GX4000.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Analogue - Analogue Pocket W.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Analogue - Analogue Pocket-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Analogue - Analogue Pocket.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Apple - I (Tapes)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Apple - I (Tapes).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Apple - I-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Apple - I.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Apple - II Plus-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Apple - II Plus.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Apple - II-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Apple - II.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Apple - IIGS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Apple - IIGS.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Apple - IIe-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Apple - IIe.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Apple - Macintosh (BETA)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Apple - Macintosh (BETA).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Apple - Macintosh-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Apple - Macintosh.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Apple-Bandai - Pippin K.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Apple-Bandai - Pippin-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Apple-Bandai - Pippin.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Arduboy Inc - Arduboy-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Arduboy Inc - Arduboy.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Atari - 2600 637.75000.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Atari - 2600 CX2600A K.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Atari - 2600 CX2600A.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Atari - 2600 CX2600JR.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Atari - 2600 CX2600JRA.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Atari - 2600 CX2600JRB.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Atari - 2600 CX2700.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Atari - 2600 Flashback 2.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Atari - 2600 Flashback.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Atari - 2600-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Atari - 2600.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Atari - 5200-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Atari - 5200.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Atari - 7800-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Atari - 7800.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Atari - 8-bit-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Atari - 8-bit.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Atari - Jaguar CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Atari - Jaguar CD.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Atari - Jaguar-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Atari - Jaguar.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Atari - Lynx PAG-0401.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Atari - Lynx-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Atari - Lynx.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Atari - Pong 25796.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Atari - Pong C-140.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Atari - Pong C-200.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Atari - Pong-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Atari - Pong.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Atari - ST (Tapes)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Atari - ST (Tapes).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Atari - ST-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Atari - ST.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Atari - VCS K.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Atari - VCS O.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Atari - VCS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Atari - VCS.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Atari - XEGS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Atari - XEGS.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Atomiswave (alt)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Atomiswave (alt).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Atomiswave-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Atomiswave.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/BBC - Bridge Companion-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/BBC - Bridge Companion.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Bally - Astrocade (Tapes)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Bally - Astrocade (Tapes).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Bally - Astrocade-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Bally - Astrocade.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Bandai - Design Master Denshi Mangajuku-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Bandai - Design Master Denshi Mangajuku.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Bandai - Gundam RX-78-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Bandai - Gundam RX-78.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Bandai - Playdia-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Bandai - Playdia.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Bandai - Super Vision 8000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Bandai - Super Vision 8000.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Bandai - Terebikko-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Bandai - Terebikko.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Bandai - WonderSwan Color SCT-001 R.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Bandai - WonderSwan Color WSC-001 B.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Bandai - WonderSwan Color WSC-001 K.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Bandai - WonderSwan Color WSC-001 O.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Bandai - WonderSwan Color WSC-001 S.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Bandai - WonderSwan Color-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Bandai - WonderSwan Color.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Bandai - WonderSwan-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Bandai - WonderSwan.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Benesse - Pocket Challenge V2-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Benesse - Pocket Challenge V2.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Benesse - Pocket Challenge W-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Benesse - Pocket Challenge W.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Bit Corporation - Gamate-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Bit Corporation - Gamate.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/CHIP-8-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/CHIP-8.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Cannonball-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Cannonball.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Capcom - CP System Changer.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Capcom - CP System I-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Capcom - CP System I.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Capcom - CP System II (J).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Capcom - CP System II-content (As).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Capcom - CP System II-content (B).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Capcom - CP System II-content (J).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Capcom - CP System II-content (Rental).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Capcom - CP System II-content (W).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Capcom - CP System II-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Capcom - CP System II.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Capcom - CP System III CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Capcom - CP System III-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Capcom - CP System III-content_combo.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Capcom - CP System III-content_mobo.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Capcom - CP System III.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Casio - Loopy-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Casio - Loopy.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Casio - PV-1000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Casio - PV-1000.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Cave Story-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Cave Story.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/ChaiLove-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/ChaiLove.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Coleco - ColecoVision ADAM-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Coleco - ColecoVision ADAM.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Coleco - ColecoVision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Coleco - ColecoVision.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Coleco - Telstar 6030.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Coleco - Telstar 6040.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Coleco - Telstar 6045.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Coleco - Telstar 6065.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Coleco - Telstar 6071.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Coleco - Telstar 6135.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Commodore - 128-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Commodore - 128.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Commodore - 64 (PP)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Commodore - 64 (PP).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Commodore - 64 (Tapes)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Commodore - 64 (Tapes).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Commodore - 64 64C.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Commodore - 64 Games System.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Commodore - 64-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Commodore - 64.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Commodore - Amiga-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Commodore - Amiga.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Commodore - CD32-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Commodore - CD32.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Commodore - CDTV-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Commodore - CDTV.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Commodore - PET-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Commodore - PET.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Commodore - Plus-4-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Commodore - Plus-4.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Commodore - VIC-20-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Commodore - VIC-20.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Connor - VideoSmarts-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Connor - VideoSmarts.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/DOOM-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/DOOM.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/DOS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/DOS.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Digital Media Cartridge - Firecore Portable 2.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Digital Media Cartridge - Firecore-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Digital Media Cartridge - Firecore.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Dinothawr-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Dinothawr.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Dungeon Crawl Stone Soup-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Dungeon Crawl Stone Soup.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Emerson - Arcadia 2001-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Emerson - Arcadia 2001.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Entex - Adventure Vision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Entex - Adventure Vision.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Entex - Select-A-Game-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Entex - Select-A-Game.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Epoch - Cassette Vision Jr.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Epoch - Cassette Vision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Epoch - Cassette Vision.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Epoch - Game Pocket Computer-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Epoch - Game Pocket Computer.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Epoch - Super Cassette Vision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Epoch - Super Cassette Vision.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Epoch - TV Tennis Electrotennis-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Epoch - TV Tennis Electrotennis.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/FBNeo - Arcade Games-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/FBNeo - Arcade Games.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/FFmpeg-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/FFmpeg.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Fairchild - Channel F System II.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Fairchild - Channel F-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Fairchild - Channel F.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Flashback-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Flashback.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Fujitsu - FM Towns Marty 2.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Fujitsu - FM Towns Marty-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Fujitsu - FM Towns Marty.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Fujitsu - FM Towns-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Fujitsu - FM Towns.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Fujitsu - FM-7 (Tapes)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Fujitsu - FM-7 (Tapes).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Fujitsu - FM-7-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Fujitsu - FM-7.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Fujitsu - FMR50.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Fukutake Publishing - StudyBox HVC-101.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Fukutake Publishing - StudyBox-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Fukutake Publishing - StudyBox.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Funtech - Super Acan-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Funtech - Super Acan.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/GCE - Vectrex-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/GCE - Vectrex.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Gakken - Compact Vision TV Boy-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Gakken - Compact Vision TV Boy.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Game-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Game.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/GamePark - Caanoo.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/GamePark - GP2X (Digital)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/GamePark - GP2X (Digital).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/GamePark - GP2X F200.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/GamePark - GP2X Wiz.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/GamePark - GP2X-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/GamePark - GP2X.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/GamePark - GP32-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/GamePark - GP32.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Google - Nexus Player-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Google - Nexus Player.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Google - Stadia G.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Google - Stadia W.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Google - Stadia-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Google - Stadia.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/HBMAME-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/HBMAME.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Handheld Electronic Game - Acclaim.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Handheld Electronic Game - M 2024.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Handheld Electronic Game - M 2937.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Handheld Electronic Game - M 2938.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Handheld Electronic Game - M 5171.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Handheld Electronic Game - M 5264.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Handheld Electronic Game - M 5409.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Handheld Electronic Game - M 5410.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Handheld Electronic Game - M 9879.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Handheld Electronic Game-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Handheld Electronic Game.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Hartung - Game Master-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Hartung - Game Master.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Hitachi - S1-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Hitachi - S1.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Infocom - Z-Machine-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Infocom - Z-Machine.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Intellivision - Amico H.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Intellivision - Amico K.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Intellivision - Amico Q.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Intellivision - Amico R.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Intellivision - Amico-content (SD).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Intellivision - Amico-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Intellivision - Amico.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Interton - VC 4000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Interton - VC 4000.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Interton - Video 2000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Interton - Video 2000.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Jump 'n Bump-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Jump 'n Bump.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Konami - Picno-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Konami - Picno.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/LJN - Video Art.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/LeapFrog - Explorer P.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/LeapFrog - Explorer-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/LeapFrog - Explorer.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/LeapFrog - LeapPad-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/LeapFrog - LeapPad.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/LeapFrog - Leapster Learning Game System 1 GS.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/LeapFrog - Leapster Learning Game System 1 PQ.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/LeapFrog - Leapster Learning Game System 2 K.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/LeapFrog - Leapster Learning Game System 2 PQ.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/LeapFrog - Leapster Learning Game System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/LeapFrog - Leapster Learning Game System.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/LeapFrog - My First LeapPad-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/LeapFrog - My First LeapPad.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Libretro - Pad.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/LowRes NX (Alt).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/LowRes NX-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/LowRes NX.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Lutro-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Lutro.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Luxor - ABC 800-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Luxor - ABC 800.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/MAME 2000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/MAME 2000.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/MAME 2003-Plus-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/MAME 2003-Plus.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/MAME 2003-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/MAME 2003.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/MAME 2010-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/MAME 2010.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/MAME 2015-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/MAME 2015.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/MAME 2016-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/MAME 2016.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/MAME-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/MAME.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Magnavox - Odyssey 100.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Magnavox - Odyssey 200.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Magnavox - Odyssey 2000.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Magnavox - Odyssey 2001.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Magnavox - Odyssey 2100.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Magnavox - Odyssey 300.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Magnavox - Odyssey 3000.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Magnavox - Odyssey 400.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Magnavox - Odyssey 4000.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Magnavox - Odyssey 500.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Magnavox - Odyssey-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Magnavox - Odyssey.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Magnavox - Odyssey2-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Magnavox - Odyssey2.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Mattel - HyperScan Alt.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Mattel - HyperScan-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Mattel - HyperScan.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Mattel - Intellivision 3504.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Mattel - Intellivision 49-75011.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Mattel - Intellivision 58-100.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Mattel - Intellivision 5872.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Mattel - Intellivision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Mattel - Intellivision.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/MicroW8-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/MicroW8.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Microsoft - MSX CPC-50.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Microsoft - MSX CPC-50A.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Microsoft - MSX CPC-50B P.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Microsoft - MSX CPC-50B.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Microsoft - MSX-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Microsoft - MSX.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Microsoft - MSX2-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Microsoft - MSX2.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Microsoft - Xbox 360 (Digital)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Microsoft - Xbox 360 (Digital).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Microsoft - Xbox 360 E K.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Microsoft - Xbox 360 E KT.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Microsoft - Xbox 360 K.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Microsoft - Xbox 360 KT.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Microsoft - Xbox 360 S K.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Microsoft - Xbox 360 S KT.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Microsoft - Xbox 360 S W.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Microsoft - Xbox 360 S WT.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Microsoft - Xbox 360 WT.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Microsoft - Xbox 360-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Microsoft - Xbox 360.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Microsoft - Xbox G.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Microsoft - Xbox O.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Microsoft - Xbox One S W.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Microsoft - Xbox One S WT.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Microsoft - Xbox One X K.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Microsoft - Xbox One-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Microsoft - Xbox One.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Microsoft - Xbox S.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Microsoft - Xbox Series S K.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Microsoft - Xbox Series S W.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Microsoft - Xbox Series S WT.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Microsoft - Xbox Series X W.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Microsoft - Xbox Series X-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Microsoft - Xbox Series X.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Microsoft - Xbox W.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Microsoft - Xbox-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Microsoft - Xbox.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Milton Bradley - Microvision Alt.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Milton Bradley - Microvision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Milton Bradley - Microvision.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Minecraft-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Minecraft.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/MrBoom-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/MrBoom.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16 HES-EXP-01 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16 HES-TGX-01 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16 PI-TG2 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16 PI-TG3 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16 PI-TG7 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16 PI-TG9 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16-content (E).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16-content (U).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/NEC - PC Engine - TurboGrafx 16.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD AD-USA.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD CDR-30 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD HES-CDR-01 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD HES-DUO-01 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD PI-CD1 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD PI-TG8 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/NEC - PC Engine CD - TurboGrafx-CD.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/NEC - PC Engine SuperGrafx-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/NEC - PC Engine SuperGrafx.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/NEC - PC-98-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/NEC - PC-98.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/NEC - PC-FX-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/NEC - PC-FX.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Neo Geo-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Neo Geo.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nichibutsu - My Vision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nichibutsu - My Vision.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Color TV-Game CTG-15S.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Color TV-Game CTG-15V.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Color TV-Game CTG-6S.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Color TV-Game CTG-6V.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Color TV-Game CTG-BK6.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Color TV-Game CTG-CR112.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Color TV-Game CTG-HC10.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Color TV-Game XG-106.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Color TV-Game XG-115.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Family Computer Disk System AN500B.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Family Computer Disk System AN500R.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Family Computer Disk System AN505BK.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Family Computer Disk System AN505RD.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Family Computer Disk System HVC-101.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Family Computer Disk System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Family Computer Disk System.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Game & Watch AC-01.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Game & Watch BU-201.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Game & Watch BX-301.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Game & Watch CJ-71.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Game & Watch CN-07.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Game & Watch DJ-101.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Game & Watch DK-52.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Game & Watch DM-53.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Game & Watch DR-802.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Game & Watch EG-26.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Game & Watch FL-02.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Game & Watch FP-24.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Game & Watch FR-27.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Game & Watch GH-54.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Game & Watch ID-29.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Game & Watch IP-05 G.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Game & Watch IP-05 P.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Game & Watch JR-55.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Game & Watch LN-08.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Game & Watch MC-25.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Game & Watch MH-06.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Game & Watch MN-06.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Game & Watch MT-03.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Game & Watch MV-64.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Game & Watch MW-56.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Game & Watch OC-22.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Game & Watch OP-51.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Game & Watch PB-59.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Game & Watch PG-74.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Game & Watch PP-23.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Game & Watch PR-21.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Game & Watch RC-04.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Game & Watch SM-91.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Game & Watch SP-30.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Game & Watch TL-28.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Game & Watch YM-801.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance (e-Reader)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance (e-Reader).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGB-001 B.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGB-001 G.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGB-001 GO.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGB-001 K.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGB-001 O.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGB-001 P.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGB-001 R.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGB-001 S.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGB-001 Y.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGS-001 B.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGS-001 HVC1.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGS-001 HVC2.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGS-001 K.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGS-001 NES.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGS-001 S.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGS-101 B.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGS-101 GO.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance AGS-101 R.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance OXY-001 HVC.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance OXY-001 K.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance OXY-001 S.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Game Boy Advance.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Game Boy Color CGB-001 G.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Game Boy Color CGB-001 P.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Game Boy Color CGB-001 Q.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Game Boy Color CGB-001 Y.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Game Boy Color-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Game Boy Color.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Game Boy DMG-001 B.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Game Boy DMG-001 G.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Game Boy DMG-001 K.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Game Boy DMG-001 P.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Game Boy DMG-001 R.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Game Boy DMG-001 W.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Game Boy DMG-001 Y.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Game Boy MGB-001 A.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Game Boy MGB-001 B.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Game Boy MGB-001 DMG.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Game Boy MGB-001 G.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Game Boy MGB-001 K.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Game Boy MGB-001 P.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Game Boy MGB-001 R.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Game Boy MGB-001 S.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Game Boy MGB-001 Y.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Game Boy MGB-101 G.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Game Boy MGB-101 S.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Game Boy-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Game Boy.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - GameCube DOL-001 G.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - GameCube DOL-001 K.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - GameCube DOL-001 O.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - GameCube DOL-001 R.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - GameCube DOL-001 S.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - GameCube DOL-001 W.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - GameCube DOT-001.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - GameCube DOT-002.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - GameCube SL-GC10.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - GameCube-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - GameCube.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS JAN-001 KA.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS JAN-001 KG.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS JAN-001 WO.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS JAN-001 WP.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS KTR-001 K.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS KTR-001 W.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS RED-001 W.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - New Nintendo 3DS.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (DLC)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (DLC).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (Digital)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS (Digital).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS CTR-001 A.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS CTR-001 K.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS CTR-001 Q.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS CTR-001 R.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS CTR-001 W.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS FTR-001 BK.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS FTR-001 KB.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS FTR-001 KR.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS FTR-001 RK.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS SPR-001 W.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Nintendo 3DS.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Nintendo 64 NUS-001 A.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Nintendo 64 NUS-001 B.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Nintendo 64 NUS-001 G.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Nintendo 64 NUS-001 H.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Nintendo 64 NUS-001 K.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Nintendo 64 NUS-001 O.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Nintendo 64 NUS-001 P.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Nintendo 64 NUS-001 Q.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Nintendo 64-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Nintendo 64.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Nintendo 64DD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Nintendo 64DD.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Nintendo DS (Download Play)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Nintendo DS (Download Play).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Nintendo DS Decrypted-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Nintendo DS Decrypted.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Nintendo DS NTR-001 B.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Nintendo DS NTR-001 R.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Nintendo DS NTR-001 S.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Nintendo DS USG-001 K.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Nintendo DS-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Nintendo DS.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi (DLC)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi (DLC).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi Decrypted-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi Decrypted.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi TWL-001 A.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi TWL-001 K.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi TWL-001 P.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi TWL-001 W.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi UTL-001 B.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi UTL-001 K.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi UTL-001 R.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Nintendo DSi.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System HVC-001.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System HVC-101.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System NES-101.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System RET-AVS.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System-content (J).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Nintendo Entertainment System.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Pokemon Mini MIN-001 G.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Pokemon Mini MIN-001 Q.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Pokemon Mini-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Pokemon Mini.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Satellaview-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Satellaview.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Sufami Turbo SHVC-101.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Sufami Turbo SNS-001.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Sufami Turbo SNS-101.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Sufami Turbo-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Sufami Turbo.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System SHVC-101.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System SNS-001.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System SNS-101.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System SNSP-001.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System SNt Classic.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System SNt SF.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System-content (1) (U).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System-content (2) (U).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System-content (E).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Super Nintendo Entertainment System.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Switch HAC-001 B.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Switch HAC-001 BK.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Switch HAC-001 BR.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Switch HAC-001 K.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Switch HAC-001 KB.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Switch HAC-001 KR.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Switch HAC-001 R.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Switch HAC-001 RB.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Switch HAC-001 RK.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Switch HAC-001 Y.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Switch HAC-001.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Switch HAC-007 BR.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Switch HAC-007 K.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Switch HAC-007 KT.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Switch HAC-007 R.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Switch HAC-007 Y.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Switch HAC-007.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Switch HDH-001 B.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Switch HDH-001 G.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Switch HDH-001 P.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Switch HDH-001 Y.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Switch HDH-001.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Switch HEG-001 BR.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Switch HEG-001 W.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Switch HEG-007.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Switch-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Switch.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Virtual Boy T.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Virtual Boy-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Virtual Boy.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Wii (Digital)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Wii (Digital).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Wii RVL-001 B.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Wii RVL-001 BT.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Wii RVL-001 K.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Wii RVL-001 KT.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Wii RVL-001 R.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Wii RVL-001 RT.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Wii RVL-001 WT.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Wii RVL-201.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Wii U WUP-001 KT.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Wii U WUP-001 W.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Wii U WUP-001 WT.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Wii U-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Wii U.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Wii-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - Wii.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - e-Reader-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nintendo - e-Reader.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nokia - N-Gage QD.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nokia - N-Gage-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nokia - N-Gage.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nvidia - Shield Portable-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nvidia - Shield Portable.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nvidia - Shield TV P3430.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Nvidia - Shield TV.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Ouya - Ouya.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/PC-50X - Palladium Tele Cassetten Game 825-530.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/PC-50X - Palladium Tele Cassetten Game 825-581.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/PC-50X - SHG Black Point FS-1003.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Palmtex - Super Micro-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Palmtex - Super Micro.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Panic - Playdate.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Philips - CD-i-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Philips - CD-i.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Philips - Tele-Game ES-2203.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Philips - Tele-Game.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Philips - Videopac+-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Philips - Videopac+.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Pioneer - LaserActive.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Pioneer - Laseractive-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/PlayJam - Game Stick.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/PuzzleScript-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/PuzzleScript.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Quake II-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Quake II.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Quake III-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Quake III.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Quake-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Quake.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/RCA - Studio II-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/RCA - Studio II.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/RPG Maker-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/RPG Maker.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Rick Dangerous-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Rick Dangerous.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/SNK - Neo Geo CD Tray.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/SNK - Neo Geo CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/SNK - Neo Geo CD.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/SNK - Neo Geo CDZ.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/SNK - Neo Geo Mini.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket Color-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket Color.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket K.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket S.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket W.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/SNK - Neo Geo Pocket.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/SNK - Neo Geo X-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/SNK - Neo Geo X.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/SNK - Neo Geo-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/SNK - Neo Geo.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/SSD - Xavixport-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/SSD - Xavixport.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sanyo - MBC-550-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sanyo - MBC-550.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/ScummVM-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/ScummVM.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sega - 32X HAA-2502-84000 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sega - 32X HAA-2510-84000 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sega - 32X MK-1601-84000 (E).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sega - 32X MK-1601-84000 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sega - 32X MK-1631-84000 (E).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sega - 32X Neptune (U).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sega - 32X-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sega - 32X.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sega - Beena-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sega - Beena.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sega - Chihiro-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sega - Chihiro.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sega - Dreamcast B.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sega - Dreamcast H.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sega - Dreamcast K.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sega - Dreamcast-content (E).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sega - Dreamcast-content (J).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sega - Dreamcast-content (U).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sega - Dreamcast-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sega - Dreamcast.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sega - Game Gear A.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sega - Game Gear B.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sega - Game Gear Q.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sega - Game Gear R.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sega - Game Gear S.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sega - Game Gear W.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sega - Game Gear Y.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sega - Game Gear-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sega - Game Gear.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sega - Master System - Mark III MK-3006.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sega - Master System - Mark III SG-1000M3 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sega - Master System - Mark III-content (J).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sega - Master System - Mark III-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sega - Master System - Mark III.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis (Kr).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis FB3680.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis HAA-2502 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis HAA-2510 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis HMJ-0300 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis MK-1461 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis MK-1601 (E).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis MK-1631 (E).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis MK-1631 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis MK-6100 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis MSg-EU.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis MSg-JP.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis MSg-USA.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis-content (E).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis-content (J).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis-content (U).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sega - Mega Drive - Genesis.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD CSD-GM1 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD HAA-2502-2912 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD HAA-2510-2910 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD HAA-2510-2912 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD MK-1601-1690 (E).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD MK-1601-1690 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD MK-1601-4102 (E).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD MK-1601-4102 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD MK-1631-4102 (E).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD MK-1631-4102 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD RG-M1 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD RG-M2 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sega - Mega-CD - Sega CD.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sega - Naomi (alt).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sega - Naomi 2 (alt).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sega - Naomi 2-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sega - Naomi 2.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sega - Naomi-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sega - Naomi.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sega - PICO-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sega - PICO.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sega - SG-1000 II.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sega - SG-1000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sega - SG-1000.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sega - Saturn HST-3200 (J).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sega - Saturn MK-80000 (U).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sega - Saturn MK-80000A (U).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sega - Saturn MMP-1000NV-NX-4YD.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sega - Saturn MMP-1000NV.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sega - Saturn Pluto (U).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sega - Saturn-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sega - Saturn.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sega - VMU.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sega - Video Driver-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sega - Video Driver.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sharp - X1-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sharp - X1.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sharp - X68000 K.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sharp - X68000 KT.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sharp - X68000 ST.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sharp - X68000-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sharp - X68000.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sinclair - ZX 81-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sinclair - ZX 81.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sinclair - ZX Spectrum +3-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sinclair - ZX Spectrum +3.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sinclair - ZX Spectrum-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sinclair - ZX Spectrum.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sony - PlayStation (PocketStation) K.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sony - PlayStation (PocketStation).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sony - PlayStation 2 PSX-5000.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sony - PlayStation 2 PSX-5100.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sony - PlayStation 2 SCPH-10000.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sony - PlayStation 2 SCPH-70000 T.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sony - PlayStation 2 SCPH-70000.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sony - PlayStation 2 SCPH-90000 T.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sony - PlayStation 2 SCPH-90000.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sony - PlayStation 2-content CD.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sony - PlayStation 2-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sony - PlayStation 2.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sony - PlayStation 3 (DLC)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sony - PlayStation 3 (DLC).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sony - PlayStation 3 (Downloadable)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sony - PlayStation 3 (Downloadable).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sony - PlayStation 3 (PSN)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sony - PlayStation 3 (PSN).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sony - PlayStation 3-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sony - PlayStation 4 CUH-1000 KT.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sony - PlayStation 4 CUH-1000 S.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sony - PlayStation 4 CUH-1000 ST.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sony - PlayStation 4 CUH-1000 W.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sony - PlayStation 4 CUH-1000 WT.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sony - PlayStation 4 CUH-2000 K.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sony - PlayStation 4 CUH-2000 KT.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sony - PlayStation 4 CUH-2000 W.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sony - PlayStation 4 CUH-2000 WT.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sony - PlayStation 4 CUH-7000 K.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sony - PlayStation 4 CUH-7000 KT.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sony - PlayStation 4-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sony - PlayStation 4.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sony - PlayStation 5 T.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sony - PlayStation 5 WT.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sony - PlayStation 5-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sony - PlayStation 5.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sony - PlayStation DTL-1000.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sony - PlayStation DTL-1200.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sony - PlayStation DTL-3000.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sony - PlayStation DTL-H1000.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sony - PlayStation DTL-H1200.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sony - PlayStation DTL-H3000.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sony - PlayStation Portable (DLC)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sony - PlayStation Portable (DLC).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sony - PlayStation Portable (PSN)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sony - PlayStation Portable (PSN).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sony - PlayStation Portable (PSX2PSP)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sony - PlayStation Portable (PSX2PSP).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sony - PlayStation Portable (UMD Music)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sony - PlayStation Portable (UMD Music).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sony - PlayStation Portable (UMD Video)-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sony - PlayStation Portable (UMD Video).png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sony - PlayStation Portable PSP-2000 B.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sony - PlayStation Portable PSP-2000 H.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sony - PlayStation Portable PSP-2000 R.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sony - PlayStation Portable PSP-2000 S.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sony - PlayStation Portable PSP-2000 W.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sony - PlayStation Portable PSP-E1000 K.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sony - PlayStation Portable PSP-E1000 W.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sony - PlayStation Portable PSP-N1000 K.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sony - PlayStation Portable PSP-N1000 W.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sony - PlayStation Portable-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sony - PlayStation Portable.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sony - PlayStation SCPH-100-131 Flat.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sony - PlayStation SCPH-100-131.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sony - PlayStation SCPH-100.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sony - PlayStation Vita PCH-1000 B.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sony - PlayStation Vita PCH-1000 R.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sony - PlayStation Vita PCH-1000 W.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sony - PlayStation Vita PCH-2000 K.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sony - PlayStation Vita PCH-2000 W.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sony - PlayStation Vita VTE-1000 K.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sony - PlayStation Vita VTE-1000 W.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sony - PlayStation Vita-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sony - PlayStation Vita.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sony - PlayStation-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sony - PlayStation.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sony - Playstation 3 CECH-2000 K.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sony - Playstation 3 CECH-2000 KT.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sony - Playstation 3 CECH-4000 K.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sony - Playstation 3 CECH-4000 KT.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sony - Playstation 3 CECHA00 KT.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sony - Playstation 3.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Sony - Playstation 5 CFI-2000.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Spectravideo - SV 328.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Spectravideo - SVI-318 - SVI-328-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Spectravideo - SVI-318 - SVI-328.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/TIC-80-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/TIC-80.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Taito - Egret II Mini.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Taito - Egret II.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Takara - Video Challenger-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Takara - Video Challenger.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Tandy - Video Information System-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Tandy - Video Information System.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Tapwave - Zodiac-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Tapwave - Zodiac.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Texas Instruments - TI-99-4A.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/The 3DO Company - 3DO FZ-10.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/The 3DO Company - 3DO GDO-101.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/The 3DO Company - 3DO GDO-203P.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/The 3DO Company - 3DO IMP-21J.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/The 3DO Company - 3DO-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/The 3DO Company - 3DO.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Thomson - MOTO Cartridge.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Thomson - MOTO TO8.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Thomson - MOTO TO8D.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Thomson - MOTO-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Thomson - MOTO.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Tiger - Game.com Pocket Pro.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Tiger - Game.com-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Tiger - Game.com.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Tiger - Gizmondo-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Tiger - Gizmondo.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Tiger - R-Zone DataZone.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Tiger - R-Zone SuperScreen.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Tiger - R-Zone XPG.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Tiger - R-Zone-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Tiger - R-Zone.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Tomb Raider-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Tomb Raider.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Tomy - Tutor-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Tomy - Tutor.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Umtech - VideoBrain-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Umtech - VideoBrain.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Unisonic - Champion 2711-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Unisonic - Champion 2711.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Uzebox-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Uzebox.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/VM Labs - NUON-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/VM Labs - NUON.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/VTech - 3D Gamate-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/VTech - 3D Gamate.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/VTech - CreatiVision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/VTech - CreatiVision.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/VTech - Socrates Alt.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/VTech - Socrates-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/VTech - Socrates.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/VTech - V.Flash-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/VTech - V.Flash.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/VTech - V.Smile P.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/VTech - V.Smile-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/VTech - V.Smile.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Valve - Steam Deck OLED.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Valve - Steam Deck-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Valve - Steam Deck.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Valve - Steam Link.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/View-Master - Interactive Vision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/View-Master - Interactive Vision.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Vircon32-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Vircon32.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/WASM-4-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/WASM-4.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Watara - Supervision Original.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Watara - Supervision-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Watara - Supervision.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Welback - Mega Duck-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Welback - Mega Duck.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Wolfenstein 3D-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Wolfenstein 3D.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Worlds of Wonder - Action Max-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Worlds of Wonder - Action Max.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Yamaha - Copera-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Yamaha - Copera.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/ZAPiT - Game Wave-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/ZAPiT - Game Wave.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/Zeebo - Zeebo.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/achievement-list.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/add-favorite.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/add.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/arrow.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/battery-20.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/battery-40.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/battery-60.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/battery-80.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/battery-charging.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/battery-full.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/bg.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/bluetooth.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/clock.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/close.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/core-cheat-options.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/core-disk-options.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/core-infos.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/core-input-remapping-options.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/core-options.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/core-shader-options.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/core.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/cursor.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/database.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/default-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/default.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/dialog-slice.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/favorites-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/favorites.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/file.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/folder.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/history.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/iQue - iQue-content.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/iQue - iQue.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/image.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/images.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/input_ADC.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/input_BIND_ALL.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/input_BTN-D.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/input_BTN-L.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/input_BTN-R.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/input_BTN-U.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/input_DPAD-D.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/input_DPAD-L.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/input_DPAD-R.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/input_DPAD-U.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/input_LB.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/input_LGUN.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/input_LT.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/input_MOUSE.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/input_RB.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/input_RT.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/input_SELECT.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/input_START.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/input_STCK-D.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/input_STCK-L.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/input_STCK-P.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/input_STCK-R.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/input_STCK-U.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/input_TURBO.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/key-hover.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/key.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/lakka.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/loadstate.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/menu_achievements.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/menu_add.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/menu_apply_cog.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/menu_apply_toggle.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/menu_audio.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/menu_brightness.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/menu_check.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/menu_drivers.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/menu_exit.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/menu_frameskip.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/menu_help.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/menu_hourglass.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/menu_info.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/menu_latency.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/menu_log.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/menu_mixer.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/menu_network.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/menu_notifications.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/menu_osd.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/menu_overlay.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/menu_override.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/menu_pause.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/menu_playlist.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/menu_power.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/menu_privacy.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/menu_quickmenu.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/menu_record.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/menu_rewind.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/menu_room.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/menu_room_lan.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/menu_room_relay.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/menu_saving.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/menu_shutdown.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/menu_stream.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/menu_ui.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/menu_updater.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/menu_user.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/menu_video.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/menu_volume_max.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/menu_volume_med.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/menu_volume_min.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/menu_volume_mute.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/movie.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/movies.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/music.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/musics.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/netplay.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/off.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/on.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/pointer.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/reload.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/rename.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/resume.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/retroarch.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/room.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/run.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/savestate.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/screenshot.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/setting.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/settings.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/subsetting.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/undo.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/wifi.png
share/libretro/assets/xmb/systematic/png/zip.png
