--- ../exim-texinfo-3.30/doc/spec.texinfo.orig	Tue Jun 12 12:20:49 2001
+++ ../exim-texinfo-3.30/doc/spec.texinfo	Mon Jun 18 17:50:02 2001
@@ -6571,20 +6571,24 @@
 
 
 @cindex gid: caller
-@center aller_gid: The group id under which the process that called Exim was
+$caller_gid:
+The group id under which the process that called Exim was
 running. This is not the same as the group id of the originator of a message
 (see $originator_gid). If Exim re-execs itself, this variable in the new
 incarnation normally contains the Exim gid.
 
 @cindex uid: caller
-@center aller_uid: The user id under which the process that called Exim was
+$caller_uid:
+The user id under which the process that called Exim was
 running. This is not the same as the user id of the originator of a message
 (see $originator_uid). If Exim re-execs itself, this variable in the new
 incarnation normally contains the Exim uid.
 
-@center ompile_date: The date on which the Exim binary was compiled.
+$compile_date:
+The date on which the Exim binary was compiled.
 
-@center ompile_number: The building process for Exim keeps a count of the number
+$compile_number:
+The building process for Exim keeps a count of the number
 of times it has been compiled. This serves to distinguish different
 compilations of the same version of the program.
 
@@ -6630,7 +6634,7 @@
 transport, the value is available in that transport. In all other situations,
 this variable expands to nothing.
 
-							rrmsg_recipient:
+$errmsg_recipient:
 This is set to the recipient address of an error message while Exim is creating
 it. It is useful if a customized error message text file is in use (see
 chapter "Customizing error and warning messages").
