--- doc/autoconf.texi.orig	2008-04-05 11:43:30.000000000 -0700
+++ doc/autoconf.texi	2008-05-16 18:27:31.000000000 -0700
@@ -3,5 +3,5 @@
 @comment %**start of header
-@setfilename autoconf.info
+@setfilename autoconf-2.68.info
 @include version.texi
-@settitle Autoconf
+@settitle Autoconf-2.68
 @setchapternewpage odd
@@ -205,25 +205,5 @@
 
-@dircategory Software development
+@dircategory Programming & development tools
 @direntry
-* Autoconf: (autoconf).         Create source code configuration scripts.
-@end direntry
-
-@dircategory Individual utilities
-@direntry
-* autoscan: (autoconf)autoscan Invocation.
-                                Semi-automatic @file{configure.ac} writing
-* ifnames: (autoconf)ifnames Invocation.        Listing conditionals in source.
-* autoconf-invocation: (autoconf)autoconf Invocation.
-                                How to create configuration scripts
-* autoreconf: (autoconf)autoreconf Invocation.
-                                Remaking multiple @command{configure} scripts
-* autoheader: (autoconf)autoheader Invocation.
-                                How to create configuration templates
-* autom4te: (autoconf)autom4te Invocation.
-                                The Autoconf executables backbone
-* configure: (autoconf)configure Invocation.    Configuring a package.
-* autoupdate: (autoconf)autoupdate Invocation.
-                                Automatic update of @file{configure.ac}
-* config.status: (autoconf)config.status Invocation. Recreating configurations.
-* testsuite: (autoconf)testsuite Invocation.    Running an Autotest test suite.
+* Autoconf-2.68: (autoconf-2.68).   Create source code configuration scripts.
 @end direntry
