--- doc/autoconf.texi.orig	2012-04-25 02:14:19 UTC
+++ doc/autoconf.texi
@@ -15,7 +15,7 @@
 @c The ARG is an optional argument.  To be used for macro arguments in
 @c their documentation (@defmac).
 @macro ovar{varname}
-@r{[}@var{\varname\}@r{]}@c
+@r{[}@var{\varname\}@r{]}
 @end macro
 
 @c @dvar(ARG, DEFAULT)
@@ -23,7 +23,7 @@
 @c The ARG is an optional argument, defaulting to DEFAULT.  To be used
 @c for macro arguments in their documentation (@defmac).
 @macro dvar{varname, default}
-@r{[}@var{\varname\} = @samp{\default\}@r{]}@c
+@r{[}@var{\varname\} = @samp{\default\}@r{]}
 @end macro
 
 @c Handling the indexes with Texinfo yields several different problems.
@@ -217,31 +217,11 @@ entitled ``GNU Free Documentation Licens
 
 
 
-@dircategory Software development
+@dircategory Programming & development tools
 @direntry
 * Autoconf: (autoconf).         Create source code configuration scripts.
 @end direntry
 
-@dircategory Individual utilities
-@direntry
-* autoscan: (autoconf)autoscan Invocation.
-                                Semi-automatic @file{configure.ac} writing
-* ifnames: (autoconf)ifnames Invocation.        Listing conditionals in source.
-* autoconf-invocation: (autoconf)autoconf Invocation.
-                                How to create configuration scripts
-* autoreconf: (autoconf)autoreconf Invocation.
-                                Remaking multiple @command{configure} scripts
-* autoheader: (autoconf)autoheader Invocation.
-                                How to create configuration templates
-* autom4te: (autoconf)autom4te Invocation.
-                                The Autoconf executables backbone
-* configure: (autoconf)configure Invocation.    Configuring a package.
-* autoupdate: (autoconf)autoupdate Invocation.
-                                Automatic update of @file{configure.ac}
-* config.status: (autoconf)config.status Invocation. Recreating configurations.
-* testsuite: (autoconf)testsuite Invocation.    Running an Autotest test suite.
-@end direntry
-
 @titlepage
 @title Autoconf
 @subtitle Creating Automatic Configuration Scripts
