--- /dev/null	Fri May 24 23:07:13 2002
+++ doc/modes.texinfo	Fri May 24 23:06:43 2002
@@ -0,0 +1,988 @@
+@verbatim
+ATM MODE
+========
+
+The atm scli mode is based on the ATM-MIB as published in RFC 2515.
+This mode is intended to display and configure ATM parameters.
+
+     `show atm interface info <regexp>'
+     `show atm interface details <regexp>'
+
+The show atm interface info command displays summary information for
+all selected ATM interfaces. The optional regular expression <regexp>
+is matched against the interface descriptions to select the interfaces
+of interest. The command generates a table with the following columns:
+
+
+INTERFACE network interface number
+
+
+The show atm interface details command describes the selected
+ATM interfaces in more detail. The optional regular expression
+<regexp> is matched against the interface descriptions to
+select the interfaces of interest.
+
+BRIDGE MODE
+===========
+
+The scli bridge mode is based on the BRIDGE-MIB as published in RFC
+1493. It provides commands to browse information specific to LAN
+bridges (also known as layer two switches).
+
+     `show bridge info'
+     `show bridge ports'
+     `show bridge stp ports'
+     `show bridge forwarding'
+     `show bridge filter'
+     `show bridge stats'
+     `monitor bridge stats'
+
+The show bridge info command displays summary information about a
+bridge, such as the number of ports and the supported bridging
+functions and associated parameters.
+
+The show bridge ports command displays information about the bridge
+ports.
+
+The show bridge stp ports command displays information about the bridge
+ports which participate in the spanning tree protocol. The command
+generates a table with the following columns:
+
+
+  PORT     port number
+  PRIO     spanning tree priority of the port
+  STATE    spanning tree status of the port
+  P-COST   path costs for this port
+  D-ROOT   designated root port
+  D-COST   designated costs
+  D-BRIDGE designated bridge
+  D-PORT   designated port
+
+
+The status is encoded in two characters. The first character
+indicates whether STP on the port is enabled (E) or disabled
+(D). The second character indicates the current status
+(D=disabled, B=blocking, I=listening, L=learning, F=forwarding,
+X=broken).
+
+The show bridge forwarding command displays the forwarding
+data base used by transparent bridges. The command generates
+a table with the following columns:
+
+  PORT    port number
+  STATUS  status of the forwarding entry
+  ADDRESS address associated with the port
+  NAME    name of the address (where known)
+  VENDOR  vendor info derived from the address
+
+
+The show bridge filter command shows filtering information.
+
+The show bridge stats command displays per port statistics for
+transparent bridges. The command generates a table with the
+following columns:
+
+  PORT        port number
+  I-FPS       input frames per second
+  O-FPS       output frames per second
+  D-FPS       discarded frames per second
+  DESCRIPTION description of the port
+
+
+The monitor bridge stats command shows the same
+information as the show bridge stats command. Theinformation is updated periodically.
+
+CISCO MODE
+==========
+
+The cisco scli mode is used to display and configure cisco parameters.
+
+     `show cisco ip accounting info'
+     `show cisco ip accounting current'
+     `show cisco ip accounting snapshot'
+     `monitor cisco ip accounting current'
+     `monitor cisco ip accounting snapshot'
+
+cisco IP accounting info
+
+cisco IP current accounting data
+
+cisco IP snapshot accounting data
+
+cisco IP current accounting data
+
+cisco IP snapshot accounting data
+
+DISMAN MODE
+===========
+
+The disman scli mode is based on the DISMAN-SCRIPT-MIB as published in
+RFC 3165 and the DISMAN-SCHEDULE-MIB as published in RFC 3231. It
+allows to browse and configure distributed managers.
+
+     `create disman script <owner> <name> <description>'
+     `create disman run <owner> <name> <args>'
+     `show disman languages'
+     `show disman script info'
+     `show disman script details'
+     `show disman launch info'
+     `show disman launch details'
+     `show disman run info'
+     `show disman run details'
+     `show disman scheduler info'
+     `show disman scheduler details'
+     `monitor disman run'
+
+...
+
+...
+
+languages supported by the distributed manager
+
+script summary information
+
+scripts installed at the distributed manager
+
+launch summary information
+
+launch buttons installed on the distributed manager
+
+summary information about running scripts
+
+running scripts on the distributed manager
+
+scheduler information
+
+schedules on the distributed manager
+
+monitor running scripts
+
+ENTITY MODE
+===========
+
+The entity scli mode is based on the ENTITY-MIB as published in RFC
+2737. It provides commands to browse the physical entities or physical
+components what make up a managed system.
+
+     `show entity info'
+     `show entity details'
+     `show entity containment'
+
+The show entity info command displays summary information about the
+physical entities that compose the system. The command generates a
+table with the following columns:
+
+
+  ENTITY      entity number
+  CLASS       class of the entity (see below)
+  NAME        name of the entity
+  DESCRIPTION description of the entity
+
+
+The show entity details command describes the physical entities
+in more detail.
+
+The show entity containment command displays the physical entity
+containment hierarchy.
+
+ETHERNET MODE
+=============
+
+The ethernet scli mode is based on the EtherLike-MIB as published in
+RFC 2665 and the MAU-MIB as published in RFC 2668.
+
+     `show ethernet mau'
+     `show ethernet stats'
+     `monitor ethernet stats'
+
+The show ethernet mau command displays information about the medium
+attachment units (MAUs) for each ethernet port. The command generates a
+table which has the following columns:
+
+
+  INTERFACE network interface number
+  MAU       medium attachment unit number per interface
+  STATUS    status of the medium attachment unit
+  MEDIA     media availability
+  JABBER    jabber state of the medium attachment unit
+  AUTONEG   autonegation capabilities
+  TYPE      type of the medium attachment unit
+
+
+The show ethernet stats command displays ethernet specific
+statistics for each ethernet interface. The command outputs
+a table which has the following columns:
+
+  INTERFACE network interface number
+  ALIGN     alignement errors per second
+  FCS       frame check sequence errors per second
+  RCV       MAC receive errors per second
+  LONG      frames exceeding maximum frame size per second
+  DEFER     deferred transmission per second
+  SCOL      single collisions per second
+  MCOLR     multiple collisions per second
+  XCOL      excessive collisions per second
+  LCOL      late collisions per second
+  XMIT      MAC transmit errors per second
+  CARR      carrier sense errors per second
+
+
+The monitor ethernet stats command shows the same information
+as the show ethernet stats command. The information is updated
+periodically.
+
+INTERFACE MODE
+==============
+
+The scli interface mode is based on the IF-MIB as published in RFC
+2863. It provides commands to browse, monitor and configure arbitrary
+network interfaces.
+
+     `set interface status <regexp> <status>'
+     `set interface alias <regexp> <string>'
+     `set interface notifications <regexp> <value>'
+     `set interface promiscuous <regexp> <bool>'
+     `show interface info [<regexp>]'
+     `show interface details [<regexp>]'
+     `show interface stack [<regexp>]'
+     `show interface stats [<regexp>]'
+     `monitor interface stats [<regexp>]'
+     `alert interface status <regexp> [<regexp>]'
+     `dump interface'
+
+The set interface status command modifies the administrative status of
+all selected interfaces. The regular expression <regexp> is matched
+against the interface descriptions to select the interfaces of
+interest. The <value> parameter must be one of the strings "up",
+"down", or "testing".
+
+The set interface alias command assigns the alias name <string> to the
+selected interfaces. The alias name provies a non-volatile 'handle'
+which can be used by management applications to better identify
+interfaces. The regular expression <regexp> is matched against the
+interface descriptions to select the interfaces.
+
+The set interface notifications command controls whether the selected
+interfaces generate linkUp and linkDown notifications.  The regular
+expression <regexp> is matched against the interface descriptions to
+select the interfaces. The <value> parameter must be one of the strings
+"enabled" or "disabled".
+
+The set interface promiscuous command controls whether the selected
+interfaces operate in promiscuous mode or not. The regular expression
+<regexp> is matched against the interface descriptions to select the
+interfaces. The <bool> parameter must be one of the strings "true" or
+"false".
+
+The show interface info command displays summary information for all
+selected interfaces. The optional regular expression <regexp> is
+matched against the interface descriptions to select the interfaces of
+interest. The command generates a table with the following columns:
+
+
+  INTERFACE   network interface number
+  STATUS      interface status (see below)
+  MTU         maximum transfer unit
+  TYPE        type of the network interface
+  SPEED       speed in bits per second
+  NAME        name of the network interface
+  DESCRIPTION description of the network interface
+
+
+The status is encoded in four characters. The first character
+indicates the administrative status (U=up, D=down, T=testing).
+The second character indicates the operational status (U=up,
+D=down, T=testing, ?=unknown, O=dormant, N=not-present,
+L=lower-layer-down). The third character indicates whether a
+connector is present (C=connector, N=none) and the fourth
+character indicates whether the interface is in promiscuous
+mode (P=promiscuous, N=normal).
+
+The show interface details command describes the selected
+interfaces in more detail. The optional regular expression
+<regexp> is matched against the interface descriptions to
+select the interfaces of interest.
+
+The show interface stack command shows the stacking order
+of the interfaces.
+
+The show interface stats command displays network
+interface statistics for all selected interfaces.
+The optional regular expression <regexp> is matched
+against the interface description to select the
+interfaces. The command outputs a table which has
+the following columns:
+
+  INTERFACE   network interface number
+  STATUS      interface status (see above)
+  I-BPS       input bytes per second
+  O-BPS       output bytes per second
+  I-PPS       input packets per second
+  O-PPS       output packets per second
+  I-ERR       input errors per second
+  O-ERR       output errors per second
+  DESCRIPTION description of the network interface
+
+
+The monitor interface stats command shows the same
+information as the show interface stats command. The
+information is updated periodically.
+
+The alarm interface status command generates alerts for
+interfaces that are in given status.
+
+The dump interface command generates a sequence of scli commands
+which can be used to restore the interface configuration.
+
+IP MODE
+=======
+
+The ip scli mode is based on the IP-MIB as published in RFC 2011, the
+IP-FORWARD-MIB as published in RFC 2096, the IP-TUNNEL-MIB as published
+in RFC 2667 and the RFC1213-MIB as published in RFC 1213. It provides
+commands to browse, monitor and configure IP protocol engines.
+
+     `set ip forwarding <value>'
+     `set ip ttl <number>'
+     `show ip info'
+     `show ip forwarding'
+     `show ip addresses'
+     `show ip tunnel'
+     `show ip mapping'
+     `dump ip'
+
+The set ip forwarding command controls whether the IP protocol engine
+forwards IP datagrams or not. The <value> parameter must be one of the
+strings "enabled" or "disabled".
+
+The set ip ttl command can be used to change the default time to live
+(TTL) value used by the IP protocol engine. The <number> parameter must
+be a number between 1 and 255 inclusive.
+
+The show ip info command displays paramters of the IP protocol engine,
+such as the default TTL or whether the node is forwarding IP packets.
+
+The show ip forwarding command displays the IP forwarding data base.
+The command generates a table with the following columns:
+
+
+  DESTINATION
+  NEXT HOP
+  TYPE
+  PROTO
+  INTERFACE
+
+
+The show ip addresses command displays the IP addresses assigned
+to network interfaces. The command generates a table with the
+following columns:
+
+  INTERFACE network interface number
+  ADDRESS   IP address
+  PREFIX    IP address prefix length
+  NAME      name of the IP address
+
+
+The show ip tunnel command displays information about existing
+IP tunnels.
+
+The show ip mapping command displays the mapping of IP address
+to lower layer address (e.g., IEEE 802 addresses). The command
+generates a table with the following columns:
+
+  INTERFACE network interface number
+  STATUS    status of the mapping entry
+  ADDRESS   IP address
+  ADDRESS   lower layer address
+
+
+The dump ip command generates a sequence of scli commands
+which can be used to restore the IP configuration.
+
+NETSNMP MODE
+============
+
+The netsnmp scli mode is used to display and configure netsnmp specific
+parameters. It is based on the UCD-SNMP-MIB.
+
+     `set netsnmp debugging <value>'
+     `set netsnmp restart'
+     `show netsnmp info'
+     `show netsnmp load'
+     `show netsnmp exec'
+     `show netsnmp proc'
+     `dump netsnmp'
+
+The set netsnmp debugging command controls whether the agent generates
+debug messages or not. The <value> parameter must be one of the strings
+"enabled" or "disabled".
+
+The set netsnmp restart command restarts the agent.
+
+The show netsnmp info command shows general information about the
+netsnmp/ucdsnmp agent such as the version number and the software
+configuration.
+
+The show netsnmp load command shows the system's load.
+
+The show netsnmp exec command shows information about pre-configured
+commands that can be invoked.
+
+The show netsnmp proc command shows information about which processes
+netsnmp watches.
+
+The dump netsnmp command generates a sequence of scli commands which
+can be used to restore the netsnmp specific configuration.
+
+NORTEL MODE
+===========
+
+The nortel scli mode allows to manipulate virtual lans (vlans) on
+nortel bridges. It is based on the RAPID-CITY MIB which is implemented
+at least on the baystack bridges.
+
+     `create nortel bridge vlan <vlanid> <name>'
+     `delete nortel bridge vlan <regexp>'
+     `set nortel bridge vlan ports <regexp> <ports>'
+     `set nortel bridge vlan default <string> <ports>'
+     `show nortel bridge vlan info [<regexp>]'
+     `show nortel bridge vlan details [<regexp>]'
+     `show nortel bridge vlan ports'
+     `dump nortel bridge vlan'
+
+The create nortel bridge vlan command is used to create a new vlan with
+the given <vlanid> and <name>.
+
+The delete nortel bridge vlan command deletes all selected vlans. The
+regular expression <regexp> is matched against the vlan names to select
+the vlans that should be deleted.
+
+The set nortel bridge vlan ports command allows to assign ports to
+port-based vlans. The regular expression <regexp> is matched against
+the vlan names to select the vlans that should be modified. The <ports>
+argument contains a comma separated list of port numbers or port number
+ranges, e.g.  1,5,7-8.
+
+The set nortel bridge vlan default command allows to assign ports to a
+default vlan. The <string> argument is matched against the vlan names
+to select the vlan. The <ports> argument contains a comma separated
+list of port numbers or port number ranges, e.g. 1,5,7-8.
+
+The show nortel bridge vlan info command shows summary information
+about all selected vlans. The optional regular expression <regexp> is
+matched against the vlan names to select the vlans of interest. The
+command generates a table with the following columns:
+
+
+  VLAN   vlan number
+  STATUS status of the vlan (see below)
+  NAME   vlan name
+  PORTS  ports assigned to the vlan
+
+
+The status is encoded in four characters. The first character
+indicates the status of the row (A=active, S=not in service,
+R=not ready). The second character indicates  vlan type (P=B
+port, I=IP-subnet, O=protocol, S=src address, D=dst address).
+The third character indicates the priority of the vlan (H=high,
+N=normal) and the fourth character indicates whether routing
+is enabled (R=routing, N=no routing).
+
+The show nortel bridge vlan details command describes the
+selected vlans in more detail. The optional regular expression
+<regexp> is matched against the vlan names to select the vlans
+of interest.
+
+The show nortel bridge vlan ports command shows information
+for each vlan port. The command generates a table with the
+following columns:
+
+  PORT    port number
+  FLAGS   port vlan flags (see below)
+  DEFAULT default vlan number
+  VLANS   vlan numbers the port is member of
+
+
+The flags are encoded in four characters. The first character
+indicates the port type (A=access, T=trunk). The second character
+indicates whether the port tags frames (T=tagging, N=none). The
+third character indicates whether the port discards tagged frames
+(D=discard, N=none) and the fourth character indicates whether
+the port discards untagged frames (D=discard, N=none).
+
+The dump nortel bridge vlan command generates a sequence of scli
+commands which can be used to restore the vlan configuration.
+
+OSPF MODE
+=========
+
+The scli ospf mode is used to display and configure OSPF parameters.
+
+     `show ospf area'
+     `show ospf info'
+     `show ospf interface'
+
+show OSPF areas
+
+general OSPF information
+
+show OSPF interfaces
+
+PRINTER MODE
+============
+
+The scli printer mode is based on the Printer-MIB as published in RFC
+1759 and some updates currently being worked on in the IETF Printer MIB
+working group.
+
+     `show printer info'
+     `show printer covers'
+     `show printer inputs'
+     `show printer outputs'
+     `show printer markers'
+     `show printer supplies'
+     `show printer interpreter'
+     `show printer console display'
+     `show printer console lights'
+     `show printer alerts'
+     `monitor printer console display'
+     `monitor printer console lights'
+     `monitor printer alerts'
+
+The show printer info command shows general information about the
+printer including global status information.
+
+The show printer covers command shows information about the covers of a
+printer.
+
+The show printer inputs command shows information about the input
+sub-units of a printer which provide media for input to the printing
+process.
+
+The show printer output command shows information about the output
+sub-units of a printer capable of receiving media delivered from the
+printing process.
+
+The show printer markers command shows information about the marker
+sub-units of a printer which produce marks on the print media.
+
+The show printer supplies command shows information about the supplies
+which are consumed and the waste produced by the markers of a printer.
+
+The show printer interpreter command shows information about the page
+description language and control language interpreters supported by the
+printer.
+
+The show printer console display command shows the current contents of
+the printer's display. The command generates a table with the following
+columns:
+
+
+  PRINTER logical printer number
+  LINE    display line number
+  TEXT    contents of the display line
+
+
+The show printer console lights command shows the current
+status of the printer's lights. The command generates a table
+with the following columns:
+
+  PRINTER     logical printer number
+  LIGHT       number identifying the light/led
+  DESCRIPTION description of the light/led
+  STATUS      current status (on, off, blink)
+  COLOR       current color of the light
+
+
+The show printer alerts command displays the list of active
+printer alerts including the alert code, the alert severity,
+the alert description, the alert time, the alert location and
+the personel required to handle the alert.
+
+The monitor printer console display command shows the same
+information as the show printer console display command. The
+information is updated periodically.
+
+The monitor printer console lights command shows the same
+information as the show printer console lights command. The
+information is updated periodically.
+
+The monitor printer alerts command shows the same information
+as the show printer alerts command. The information is updated
+periodically.
+
+SCLI MODE
+=========
+
+The scli mode provides commands that can be used to display and
+manipulate the internal state of the scli interpreter.
+
+     `open <nodename> [<community>]'
+     `close'
+     `create scli plugin <module>'
+     `delete scli plugin <module>'
+     `exit'
+     `help'
+     `history'
+     `create scli alias <name> <value>'
+     `delete scli alias <regexp>'
+     `set scli regex [<regexp>]'
+     `set scli debugging [<regexp>]'
+     `set scli pager <pager>'
+     `set scli format <fmt>'
+     `show scli info'
+     `show scli commands'
+     `show scli aliases'
+     `show scli modes [<regex>]'
+     `show scli schema [<regex>]'
+     `show scli alarm info'
+
+The open command establishes an association to a remote SNMP agent. The
+<nodename> argument is the DNS name or the IP address of the remote
+node. Scli will try to talks to this node's SNMP agent on the default
+port number (usually 161) using the default transport mapping (usually
+SNMP over UDP).  The optional <community> argument is the community
+string needed to communicate with the remote SNMP agent. The default
+community string is "public". Opening an association while an
+association is already established is not considered an error. The
+existing established association will be closed automatically before an
+attempt to create a new association is started.
+
+The close command closes an established association to a remote SNMP
+agent. Invoking the close command when no association is established is
+not considered an error and will do just nothing.
+
+The create scli plugin command dynamically loads an scli mode into a
+running scli process. This can be used to dynamically extend scli with
+modules coming from other sources. Dynamic loadable modules also
+simplify the development and management of site-specific modules.
+
+The delete scli plugin command removes a previously loaded modules from
+a running scli process.
+
+The exit command terminates the scli interpreter. An end of file in the
+standard input stream will also terminate the the scli interpreter.
+
+The help command displays some help information including a list of all
+top-level scli commands.
+
+The history command displays the scli command history list with line
+numbers.
+
+The create scli alias command creates the alias <name> for the scli
+command (fragment) <value>. If the alias <name> already exists, then
+the new <value> will be assigned to the existing alias.
+
+The delete scli alias command removes previously defined aliases from
+the scli interpreter. The regular expression <regexp> is matched
+against all alias names in order to select the aliases that are deleted.
+
+The set scli regex command controls how scli matches regular
+expressions. The optional regular expression <regexp> is matched
+against the regular expression options. A successful match turns a
+regular expression option on while an unsuccessful match turns a
+regular expression option off. Invoking the command without the
+<regexp> argument will turn all regular expression options off. The
+currently defined regular expression options are "extended" for POSIX
+extended regular expressions and "case-insensitive" for case
+insensitive matches.
+
+The set scli debugging command sets the debugging level of the SNMP
+engine. The optional regular expression <regexp> is matched against the
+debugging levels. A successful match turns a debugging level on while
+an unsuccessful match turns a debugging level off. Invoking the command
+without the <regexp> argument will turn all debugging levels off. The
+currently defined debugging levels are "session" for the SNMP session
+layer, "request" for the SNMP request handling layer, "transport" for
+the SNMP transport layer, "packet" for the SNMP packet layer, and
+"asn1" for the ASN.1 coding layer.
+
+The set scli pager command defines the shell command which is used as a
+pager if the output produced by an scli command does not fit on a
+single screen. The output is passed to the <pager> shell command via
+its standard input stream.
+
+The set scli format command defines the output format used by
+subsequent scli commands. The currently supported formats are "scli"
+and "xml". The "scli" format is the default output format and described
+in this documentation. The "xml" output format is experimental and
+therefore not described here.
+
+The show scli info command displays the current status of the scli
+interpreter.
+
+The show scli commands command displays the scli command tree.  The
+full command syntax is displayed for each leaf node.
+
+The show scli aliases command lists all scli command aliases.  The
+first column in the generated table lists the aliase names while the
+second column shows the alias values.
+
+The show scli modes command shows information about the scli modes. An
+scli mode is a logical grouping of related commands (e.g., all commands
+that deal with printers). The optional regular expression <regex> can
+be use to select a subset of the available scli modes.
+
+The show scli schema command produces xml schema definitions for the
+selected scli modes. An scli mode is a logical grouping of related
+commands (e.g., all commands that deal with printers).  The optional
+regular expression <regex> can be use to select a subset of the
+available scli modes.
+
+The show scli alarm info command displays summary information about all
+known alarms.
+
+SNMP MODE
+=========
+
+The snmp scli mode is based on the SNMPv2-MIB as published in RFC 1907,
+the SNMP-FRAMEWORK-MIB as published in RFC 2571, the
+SNMP-USER-BASED-SM-MIB as published in RFC 2574, the
+SNMP-VIEW-BASED-ACM-MIB as published in RFC 2575, the SNMP-TARGET-MIB
+as published in RFC 2573, and the SNMP-NOTIFICATION-MIB as published in
+RFC 2573.
+
+     `create snmp vacm member <name> <group> [<model>]'
+     `delete snmp vacm member <regex-name> <regex-group> [<model>]'
+     `set snmp authentication traps <status>'
+     `show snmp engine'
+     `show snmp resources'
+     `show snmp vacm member'
+     `show snmp vacm access'
+     `show snmp vacm views'
+     `show snmp usm users'
+     `show snmp target addresses'
+     `show snmp target parameters'
+     `show snmp notification targets'
+     `dump snmp'
+
+The create snmp vacm member commands can be used to assign new members
+(security names) to vacm groups. New groups are created if they do not
+exist.
+
+The delete snmp vacm member commands can be used to delete members
+(security names) from vacm groups. Groups are deleted if the last
+member is deleted.
+
+The set snmp authentication traps command controls whether the SNMP
+engine generates authentication failure notifications.  The <value>
+parameter must be one of the strings "enabled" or "disabled".
+
+The show snmp engine command displays information about the SNMP
+protocol engine such as the number of boots, the current time relative
+to the last boot and the maximum message size.
+
+The show snmp resources command displays information about the MIB
+resources supported by the SNMP agent.
+
+The show snmp vacm member command displays the mapping of security
+names to group names. The command generates a table with the following
+columns:
+
+
+  ROW    row storage type and status
+  MOD    security model
+  NAME   member name (security name)
+  GROUP  name of the vacm group
+
+
+The show snmp vacm access command display the access control
+rules for the security groups. The command generates a table
+with the following columns:
+
+  ROW    row storage type and status
+  GROUP  security group name
+  MOD    security model
+  LVL    security level (--, a-, ap)
+  CTX    context name
+  MATCH  match (exact or prefix)
+  READ   view name for read access
+  WRITE  view name for write access
+  NOTIFY view name for notification
+
+
+The show snmp vacm views command displays MIB view definitions.
+The command generates a table with the following columns:
+
+  ROW    row storage type and status
+  VIEW   view name
+  TYPE   access to the view subtree (incl/excl)
+  PREFIX object identifier wildcard prefix
+
+
+The show snmp usm users command displays the configured users.
+The command generates a table with the following columns:
+
+  ROW    row storage type and status
+  USER   USM user name
+  NAME   security name of the USM user
+  AUTH   authentication protocol
+  PRIV   privacy protocol
+
+
+The show snmp target addresses command displays information
+about the configured SNMP target addresses. The command
+generates a table with the following columns:
+
+  ROW      row storage type and status
+  TARGET   target name
+  DOMAIN   transport domain
+  ADDRESS  transport address
+  TMOUT    timeout value in ms
+  RETRY    number of retries
+  PARAMS   associated parameters
+  TAGS     tag list
+
+
+The show snmp target parameters command displays information
+about the configured SNMP target parameters. The command
+generates a table with the following columns:
+
+  ROW      row storage type and status
+  PARAMS   parameter name
+  NAME     security name
+
+
+The show snmp notification targets command displays information
+about the configured SNMP notification targets. The command
+generates a table with the following columns:
+
+  ROW      row storage type and status
+  NAME     notification target name
+  TYPE     notification type
+  TAG      tag reference to targets
+
+
+The dump snmp command generates a sequence of scli commands
+which can be used to restore the engine configuration.
+
+SYSTEM MODE
+===========
+
+The system scli mode is primarily based on the SNMPv2-MIB as published
+in RFC 1907 and the HOST-RESOURCES-MIB as publisched in RFC 2790. It
+can be used to browse and configure system parameters and
+characteristics.
+
+     `set system contact <string>'
+     `set system name <string>'
+     `set system location <string>'
+     `show system info'
+     `show system devices'
+     `show system storage'
+     `show system mounts'
+     `show system processes [<regexp>]'
+     `monitor system storage'
+     `monitor system processes [<regexp>]'
+     `dump system'
+
+The set system contact command configures the system's contact
+information. The <string> argument should include information on how to
+contact a person who is responsible for this system.
+
+The set system name command configures the systems's name. By
+convention, this is the system's fully-qualified domain name.
+
+The set system location command configures the system's physical
+location.
+
+The show system info command shows general information about the system.
+
+The show system devices command shows a list of system devices.  The
+command generates a table with the following columns:
+
+
+  INDEX       device number
+  STATUS      current status of the device
+  DESCRIPTION description of the device
+
+
+The show system storage command displays information about the
+logical areas attached in the system. The command generates a
+table with the following columns:
+
+  INDEX       logical storage area number
+  DESCRIPTION description of the storage area
+  TYPE        logical storage area type
+  SIZE        total size of the storage area
+  USED        amount of storage in use
+  FREE        amount of storage available
+  USE%        used storage in percent
+
+
+The show system mounts command shows the list of filesystems
+mounted on the system. The command generates a table with the
+following columns:
+
+  INDEX   filesystem identification number
+  LOCAL   local root path name of the filesystem
+  REMOTE  remote server and root path name (if any)
+  TYPE    filesytem type (if known)
+  OPTIONS access mode (ro/rw) and boot flag
+
+
+The show system processes command display information about the
+processes currently running on the system. The regular expression
+<regexp> is matched against the command executed by the process
+to select the processes of interest.The command generates a table
+with the following columns:
+
+  PID     process identification number
+  S       status of the process (see below)
+  T       type of the process (see below)
+  MEMORY  memory used by the process
+  TIME    CPU time used by the process
+  COMMAND command executed by the process
+
+
+The process status values are C=running, R=runnable,
+S=not runnable, and Z=invalid. The process types values are
+?=unknown, O=operating system, D=device driver, and A=application.
+
+The monitor system storage command shows the same
+information as the show system storage command. The
+information is updated periodically.
+
+The monitor system processes command show the same
+information as the show system processes command. The
+information is updated periodically.
+
+The dump system command generates a sequence of scli commands
+which can be used to restore the system configuration.
+
+TCP MODE
+========
+
+The scli tcp mode is based on the TCP-MIB as published in RFC 2012. It
+provides commands to browse information specific to the TCP transport
+protocol.
+
+     `show tcp listener'
+     `show tcp connections'
+     `monitor tcp connections'
+
+The show tcp listener command displays the listening TCP endpoints.
+
+The show tcp connections command displays the connected TCP endpoints
+including the current state of the connection as seen by the remote
+SNMP agent.
+
+The monitor tcp connections command displays the connected TCP
+endpoints including the current state of the connection as seen by the
+remote SNMP agent. The information is updated periodically.
+
+UDP MODE
+========
+
+The scli udp mode is based on the UDP-MIB as published in RFC 2013. It
+provides commands to browse information specific to the UDP transport
+protocol.
+
+     `show udp listener'
+     `show udp stats'
+
+The show udp listener command displays the listening UDP endpoints.
+
+The show udp statistics about datagrams received or sent.
+
+@end verbatim
